California Wildfire: What we know about the Dixie Fire | FULL INTERVIEW
3 years ago 
https://youtu.be/5e_55Kpr3LE

Yesterday at 5:20, in the afternoon, the original problem was really getting access to it from our ground resources. So the priority was using aircraft to really try to hold this fire in check to prevent growth. But because of those access issues and getting ground resources there to start building containment lines or control lines, the fire grew overnight, and of course, with this morning, it's grown a little bit more. Has anybody been hurt? Any damage structure? No. It's in a pretty remote area, as again, I said, you know, access is a problem. It's currently all burning in Plumas County. However, we're the jurisdiction or the that is in charge of suppression right now, working with Plumas County and Plumas national for but we're the lead agency on containing and controlling this fire road area. So it's a very remote area. I think what I've heard in some conversations, there's probably no more than three, four or five homes in the evacuation area. So there's very, very limited residences there and so, but County Sheriff, along with plume, county sheriff, are making contacts if people are there, or if it's some kind of vacation house or something. But they're making positive contact. And we really want to put an emphasis on the people here in but county that it's moving away from communities like magalia, town of paradise and concal, the fire is moving up towards the highlights or lake Philbrook area, so that that's a good thing, right? And will evacuation be lifted anytime soon? I don't know. Law enforcement, in conjunction with the incident commander of Cal Fire, will make those determinations whether to expand the evacuation area or limited kind of the reason we did an evacuation warning for some of the areas there, we want to prevent the public from going in just because of those access issues. We've got to get our ground resources in there to fight this fire. So we really want the public to stay out of the area. How firefighters are fighting this far they open the ground? No, we got aircraft up and over the fire right now. We're getting our night resources off the fire to get them some rest, and we're bringing an enormous amount of resources right now to fight this fire during the day. So, but those access issues are a problem. So the fire agency, or Cal Fire, is working on improving roads so we can get equipment in there and build control and containment lines on this fire, 0% contained right now. And do you know the Congress? No, it's under investigation. And is this comment this time of the year, or do you think it's kind of early for you? No, I mean, if you look around the state of California, especially left on Shasta and Plumas County, no, we've had some significant fires up in this, what we call the timber area. So fires are growing large in this area because of the drought conditions and the fuel conditions. They dry out. They've dried out earlier this year. So, yeah, we're gonna see fires grow in this kind of fuel model a lot quicker. No, they got it. They got enough overhead out there. They're managing this fire and putting the resources where they think they can start to build lines on this fire. So they're working that out the broad lines of access along right in there. And it's not like a normal road to get somewhere, and there's Tim roads and dir road. So getting people in there, it's taking a little bit of time. There's many roads which will we refer up here as Tim road. They're not the normal payment roads like you see behind us, like we setting. So they're not meant for an enormous amount of traffic in there. So, but we're working on maybe waiting in those roads. We're putting areas in we're the state resources to get in the fight this far right now, I say there's probably about 250 but probably by the end of the day tomorrow, we're thinking 1000 firefighter. I don't know why crews are up there, whether there's a firefighter one cruise or CDC cruise or our California Conservation cruise, we do have crews on this fire. No, we don't know the fire history in this area is pretty significant. People are on edge. Even though we say the fires moving away from the populated areas, we want people to be prepared. Listen to social media, listen to the TV, radio. Just pay attention to what this fire is gonna do. Be prepared if ask. Believe we don't foresee it right now, but we want people to be cognizant of the fires. You mean that they are nervous? No, we can't fire. Main camp fire started relatively close to where this fire is boring. We know what the camp fire did to these communities up here. So the people have moved back after the camp fire. They're on edge. I can be honest with you when I can free throw yesterday on this catch my next stood up a little bit. There's no fire history in this area, so we're cognizant of the in advance, firefighters and we're sympathetic to the public so we want to get that information out to maybe set their mind of these but also be prepared if something occurs, be prepared to leave the basket.

California Wildfire: What we know about the Dixie Fire | FULL INTERVIEW




Actor describes neighbor's rescue an hour before house burned down in wildfire
Jan 8, 2025  #CNN #News
https://youtu.be/BF9SWXBK2Xw

Speaker 1  0:00  
One of the people who did about the way yesterday is Dr James Woods, who was in Beverly Hills. Thank you for joining us. Talk to us.

Speaker 2  0:06  
Well, we were literally in the exact epicenter of the fire as it started. Well, that's actually beautiful on fire, yeah. Palest. All neighbors know each other. We'll have each other phone numbers, and people are very aware that we're in fire zone. And in fact, I had said yesterday, before yesterday, to my wife, Sarah, Oh, that guy in the hillside has got down this grass. They got cut down that brush because gonna get fire. And that's the person who didn't get that brush, but the person got fired right now, that's my pool, right? That was the brush below us that was not cut. And so we went out. I had a record of the call in. 17 minutes later, we were evacuated with a closed arm back. Our garage door was open because the wind. Was so bright, it to the door. And we finally got out. We got to the bottom of the hill. I said, Oh my God, we have a neighbor who's 94 years old who has the dementia. And I said, there were no cars on the driveway, and we go over and help him in the chair. You know, sometimes if you fell with the caregiver, but I knew he was in the hospital, and I don't know God was, God was on his side. I decided to call his son in Massachusetts, and said, Francis, just to be sure, your dad still in the hospital. Right? He said, No, be home last night. And there's a night I don't have the murder, and I wouldn't let us back up. So I finally got 2911, and said, you know, check in this guy. Well, there was a miscommunication. And I called my neighbor, who had evacuated yet he was fighting on his roof, fighting his fire. It got on my roof. I said, go in and check on me. When if he said the door is open, there's nobody here, he went in. He always said, no, nobody here. Said, let's just go behind the pantry. There's a little room. We can see him during the day. He likes to sit there because his garden. He went in and found him. He'd been left alone. Okay, and it turned out the fire department made the new character believe, and you know, she just does, which was coming back for him. Well, they hadn't come back from him, hoping that they would have Patil. There was so much chaos. It was like an inferno. Every house was on fire around us, and you know, he got him out, and the house burned out about an hour later. And then Robert, at 1149, last night, all the all the smoke alarms in our house, alerted our phones that are our house that we had just renominated for. Remanded for for three years just finally moved into about three months ago. You know, hardly a good sign, so I'm not sure, but it wouldn't make any difference, because, you know, the whole streets burn down. So I mean, even if you go back to your home, you know, like I we knew what was coming in when we were out on our driveway, I left it, the smoke was so black, the house cross street was on fire, the housing store was on fire, and all the black smoke was down there, the school down there, because they're trying to affect me to school. So and won't just be in the way. And there's nothing so important. People have got to evacuate when they tell you to evacuate, because if you don't evacuate, you think you can be out there. Hill garden hose stop being a conflagration with flames 80 feet high in 90 mile an hour winds. You're not going to be helping. You're just going to be stopping the firefighters who do such an amazing job. And you've got to be out of the way, man. You've just got to get out of the way and let them do their jobs, and yes, maybe your home is going to burn down. Let what's more important than your home, you should for your neighbor and your fellow across the street trying to help you and all the friends and family who've been calling all day. And yes, we're safe. And yes, I think everybody on our street, I can't get a hold of Robert, you know, I called a friend I lived in algae. Can you call me? Are you okay? I said, Yeah, you gotta get out of there, so we're miles from you. I said, but we're back. We're ready, because people in fire zones are ready. You know, you gotta be ready to go as ready as we were. Everything I own is in this room. Every single thing that I own is in this room. We got a basketball, country, glasses, pills, and my teeth are a car. That's it. Can't stop also thinking about your neighbor, and if you hadn't intervened, what would have happened? I mean, Howard Robert, who in the house was on fire. Next Door, our deck was on fire, ran into the house and God, I was just blessed that God said, Hey, call his son and just be sure his son didn't know about it, because then the fire. He's, oh, my God, he's trying to get out here. There's no flights, and then we couldn't find him because he hasn't mentioned so they put in the hospital somewhere, and he called me two glass this morning, said I found him, and I said, Go, st, John could probably be there. And we were able to track when Robert had texted me so that we knew. But by the way, I'm sure the paramedics were coming back for him. It wasn't going to leave this guy make that clear, which is a matter of timing, and the port, I'm sure, was going exactly what she was ordering. It was just one of those scary things. I mean, you can't imagine how great the Los Angeles Fire Department and Los Angeles space department and the sheriff's department and the DWP, these people are out there fighting. Man, I'm standing my driver, yeah, and, I mean, the planes were going over, and was like, What

Unknown Speaker  3:28  
are you thinking? I just out there shooting this right outside of your home. I mean,

Speaker 2  3:32  
come from Island, and a friend of mine was the guy who did all the remediation for the you run the Station Fire where 100 people burn your death in a night club fire. And this is true, there were people in the doorway who had tried to get out. And there were people who were literally two feet in the pile of bodies who got out to survive by being breathing. Other people next to them died. And all I remember thinking is, man, it goes up in seconds, not hours. Let's get that picture. Get out of the house, get in the car, get out of the way and let them do their job. Your house will go up like a match book. Sounds like we were Go ahead. I was just gonna say, know, your neighbors have a plan. I mean, thank God. Our neighbor said, he said, Robert, you know, Stephanie across the street, Francis next door, all our neighbors are out. Are you safe? Are your pets out? You know, everybody was taking care of everybody for our house. Before the fight, we only thought it was gonna take a fire. You know, you always worried about there was a fellow up the street work on the house. Then I said, Hey, man, he was one of the workers. He did it nice, you know, take something. No, just want to help, man. You know, it's just people, people, helping people. But you know, I mean, our beautiful house, you know, it was like we did a hotel, COVID, this lovely hotel. People so great. Take care of us yesterday, and we were fixing our house, and finally had it done, and we were swimming every day, and blood pressure was going down, you know. And if you ever saw the views from that house before this fire, they were just, you know, it was an accident. It was paradise. And our neighbors are, you know, we knew them all now it's a reminder,

Speaker 1  4:42  
anything can be just taken away in an instant. So much is out of your control. And as you're there, you're taking that video, and you're seeing how quickly it's all happening. You must have been

Speaker 2  4:51  
wondering how many out of here safe. I mean, I know our scene and crew deal at the same situation, like 40 feet. I was looking down the black and you see the black. And you see the flames, 1000 5000 fire. And then over by the hillside, we're Robert here. We gotta get out here make sure we safe. And I was looking, and I said that smoke is white. This smoke is black. Is moving this way. We've got to go that way, because my smoke means that they got the fire out at least the major part of it, and we'll be out of the way of the congestion. And as soon as we got down the hill, we finally got into the sun set is nine miles per hour, about 25 minutes, two and a half hours. And you have to understand, somebody didn't charge their car, you know, their electric car, didn't put gas in their gasoline car, and now they're on Sunset. Abandon my car. Now the fire trucks can get through, and now people can't walk when we couldn't ever arrive. I said, Oh my god, we're in the middle here. We gotta walk out. 77 years old, and I can't watch there. It's like, you know, pretty steep so, you know, it's just but Sarah was on Mr. A year old. Leslie gone, but she came out with her little piggy bank. We're asked to rebuild our house. Oh my gosh, James Woods, I we all hope that you will be able to rebuild her house,

Speaker 1  5:53  
maybe starting with a little Yeti piggy bank. And you're okay, and your wife is okay, yeah, no. I mean, this is real and you are. You know what? Strength is not measured by whether you know you hold in crying or not. Strength is what you doing now and help your neighbors and shine a light on the great, amazing work of all those firefighters and emergency crews out there. You have so much strength, and we appreciate you coming on to reflect what so many others, just like you are experiencing in that raw emotion right now. We wish you the best you and your wife as you build, rebuild your life. So many of your people are doing that right now, trying to process what's going on so James, and also keep us posted on your 94 year old neighbor and everything on there. We continue to talk, and we wish you

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
Anybody knows where Robert from teller is.
Speaker 1  6:28  
That's important message and also there's this app that's really important called watch duty wildfire map and it helps you know where the wildfires are how much acre how many acres it's covering and how to evacuate so I went with that out there too as just a resource for people James Boyd, thank you so much and I wish you the best. Thank you, thank you for joining us.

Actor describes neighbor's rescue an hour before house burned down in wildfire

Speaker 1  0:00  
The Los Angeles wildfires of force within 100,000 people out of their home. Just think about that number for just a second. Two of them, Aaron Samson and his eight, three year old father in law, who has Parkinson disease, made a harrowing escape from the PAL size fire. They were forced to get out of their car that they were riding in, and then they escaped on foot. Here's a look. This is crazy. There's a fire right right outside our car. Okay, I got you. Come on down. Turn around. We got this. We got this. Turn around. We got a tab. You got it. We got a tab. You got it. Aaron Sam sent this video and joined us for California. Aaron, I'm so glad to see you this morning. So glad that you and your father in law are okay. Before we get to your back story, how are you guys doing right now? We're live, so that's most important thing. We're doing okay. My father in law went down further south from San Diego. Area to be closer to some of his family. I went back home up north, and we're doing okay. Gail, thank you. This is what I keep hearing about. People had to evacuate Bay. They didn't know where to go, how to go where, had no idea about what direction to take. Can you take us a process about how you all decided when it was time to leave, and what you took with you, and anything? Yeah, it was a very Perry situation. I got ping from my phone, I think around 1115 at the same time, the house line ran with an alert. We it wasn't saying evacuated or saying there was wildfire in the area. And for the next hour or so, you know, I was we were figuring out, we go? Do we go? We got another ping through the phone, and at that point, I went outside, I saw smoke and fire near my father in law house, and realized we need to go with problems. We have a car by circumstance. We had no car in the house. So now I was calling 911 Uber, trying to figure out how to get him out of there. And I ran up and down the street where he was Glen Haven, finally found a neighbor who was willing to swing by. Pick us up. Most people had already gone at that point, and at that point, I grabbed his medicine. That's the only thing I could think to grab. I got a couple things off the floor. My mind wasn't thinking, you know, correctly, which I would have, which I would grab different stuff now. And at that point, we jumped in car, this guy, Jeff, neighbor we never met before, but you know, salt of the earth saved our lives. As we're driving down, there's fires on both sides of the car we're driving, we're suddenly seeing fires. You could feel the heat. That was a video I took on the ride down. And then the fires were getting closer and closer. We were completely stuck in traffic, and the fire jumped about probably 15 feet from the car on the right, and at that point, just being stuck there surrounded by fire. These the policemen running up the street, get out of the car, get out of the car, and started screaming. And at that point, you know this guy, Jeff, you had a, you know, his car full of his most important decisions. We got a couple bags, but I had my father in law was the most important thing. So now I'm trying to get him out of the car. In the field that you saw earlier was me, you know, trying to get him out of the car as a pun. So Jeff, you are now with your father in law. What's going for your mind is, look at this video. Of him trying to lead him down the hill away from Dan. What do you think? Yeah, and Jeff was the neighbor who saved us. My name is Aaron. No worries. As I'm walking down, I'm just saying, We gotta, we gotta, we gotta do this. You know, I was just trying to pump. My father in law has parked in Secretary moved. This was a road effort on his part, just walking the way you see him walking the video. Finally, I turned him around and sat him down on that Walker and started wheeling him myself. And we're just, you know, just get out of there. And you know, everyone was just like, you know, you don't really realize how serious it is until you're closer to those planes and you're really realizing you get that pain. You don't think this is a life, life threatening situation. Aaron, you are from the Berkeley area, and the whole country is watching. The whole world is watching what's happening right now. Put in perspective, if you've seen some wildfires before, you know what this is like. But how is this different? This is, well, first of all, very different for me, because I was very involved in the middle of it. But this feels like bigger than ever been a part. I've been a part of some big ones. 91 there's a big open Berkeley fire, and we had some people stay at our house who lost their homes when that happened. This is obviously huge. You know? This just feels this is, this is huge. This will have ramifications in so many different ways among people around the entire country. So it's a very big one. Can't put it into words how big it is, how much it affected my family and me personally. I know Aaron. We're all affected by it. We're appear safe in Europe, but it's just heart breaking to see people literally running, fighting for their lives. We're watching it in real time, and it feels so hopeless. That's why we're so happy to hear stories like yours, that you and your father are okay. I know there's still much work that needs to be done. We thank you so much. I know your Christmas venue because we thank you so much for talking to us this morning. We really do appreciate it. Thank you.

Speaker 2  3:00  
For that so many residents here in Southern California now face with that question that is so difficult, right? Where do they go

Speaker 1  3:09  
from here? Joining move to my hundreds of members of the California National Guard having deployed to the LA area. With.

Palisades Fires - Blake Mallen Interview on NBC News



Some California residents return to ruins after Los Angeles fires
3 months ago
(22) Some California residents return to ruins after Los Angeles fires - YouTube

Anda it's been really so dangerous for residents to even come back and look at the damage you are their eyes and their ears uh tell us what you've been seeing yeah Amy so yeah so we are on the corner of Lake in New York it's kind of chaotic here actually so sheriff's deputies are blocking anyone from trying to get into their neighborhoods a lot of people trying to come back right now to see what's left because people just don't know they're just seeing the images that we are showing on air and so people are just wondering what's going on um lots of people if you look across the street here they've been waiting for hours now to just try to get through um I saw that you were getting very emotional do you know anything about your house um it's all burned down everything my kids school our community our neighbors houses everything is just burn down everything is gone I'm so sorry to hear that um I am so sorry uh what happened on the night that you guys had to evacuate we were having dinner I told my 3-year-old and my 1-year-old that I told them that we're having a fancy candle light dinner cuz the power went out and then we looked outside we saw a huge fire and we just packed whatever we can and we ran out it was chaos on the streets people were trying to get out we thought we're going to come back tomorrow so we didn't even pack anything we had nothing we love everything with our three one-year-old and my three-year-old keeps asking me Mama Wonder we going to go home everything all his friends house is burned down the Farnsworth Park that we would go to the hikes we would go to the libraries his little school ACC like all of our community is just devastated I'm I'm so sorry and we can see the devastation and the loss here and this is what a lot of people are coming home to now um are you trying to get over to your house right now I just wanted to see if anything's left we had everything like the sentimental things like my mom passed away we I had only a few things of hers left my wedding dress our wedding album we left everything our albums are we have just whatever we're wearing we're wearing the same thing for the last two days and when you have gone through this area I mean what what are you thinking about when you see Altadena now my heart is broken I love you Altadena I I love this community I love the people in aladina we have like meshed so well like everybody's so kind I have patients that live here I think about my patients my my family like these are family everybody here we're just so tightnit and it's just devastating to see all this you can't even go like some people left out of town like hey check out my house and we can't even go to check on their house what's next for you or do you even know what's next I just St try to I'm trying to figure out how to tell my 3-year-old that we don't have a home and we don't have a school we're just we don't even know where to go what to do next we're sitting at a friend's house you know that's all short term I'm so sorry and as uh my photographer is panning through the neighborhoods are all leading up to the ridge of what's been just devastated by the fire that came through thank you so much for sharing your story we really really appreciate it and we really wish you guys all the best of luck um I can't imagine what you guys are going through in Altadena some residents are allowed back to survey the loss of their homes yeah we want to get back to our Jeff nwin he is on alapine drive that is just east of Lake Avenue Jeff well Amy and Rachel I want to give you a sense of what folks are doing today as they come home uh this family is gathering whatever they can and out of respect for the badest family I'm not going to touch their belongings which are now basically artifacts that they have been able to dig out from this uh wreckage if you will uh speaking of the bz family I'm going to walk over here and join Carlos so you can give an idea of what he's doing cuz he's got his shovel and he's going through the remains of his house uh trying to salvage whatever he can hey Carlos if I may do I have your permission to walk onto your property sir so I'm going to join you a little bit I'm guessing what I'm standing on right now used to be the roof is that right yeah there the roof over my daughter's bedroom you know as you mentioned your daughter's bedroom I mean what's it like sifting through what used to be her little Sanctuary it's um kind of shattering actually I mean I'm so used to recognizing everything of hers she's only 12 and so most of everything that she has is something that we've either given her or been around when she's received it and now to go through and you can see It's just ash and clutter and dirt and everything is just kind of monochrom monochromatic um you know right behind us when we look through what you refer to as being monochromatic I can see your pool right there and I'm guessing that's also a symbol of some of the memories that you and your family created in this backyard yeah actually um one of the things we first fell in love with when we saw this house was the view from this first the second floor onto the backyard with that spectacular tree and the pool and just the Vista and right now it looks terrifying and apocalyptic but on a given and any other day it was just this beautiful view of of where we live and then we have the mountains on the other side and so yeah we had so many incredible memories with the pool and I got here and I looked down at the pool full of water and I just I mean the irony of it is inescapable like there's all this water and then it was useless and from the looks of your property I mean it seems like you did everything right you had all the clearance uh behind your house and around your home but nonetheless uh the fire just swept through here yeah when we were leaving we could see it surging on the ridge over there above Avis the school where my daughter went to for elementary school it got destroyed um and when I came back the first time I actually saw what was basically like sheets of Embers just flying everywhere across the street and then driveway and it looked impossible and uh I think that there was just no way for anybody to prevent this um yeah you and your family left uh Tuesday night when the fire broke out yeah that's correct at about 8:15 can you um kind of share with us you know what happened that night the decision process and what you were able to gather sure so around 8:00 uh My Neighbor Next Door Chris knocked on our door and he wanted to tell us about the fire which we'd already gotten the alert to so I walked down um the end of our driveway looked at the fire immediately thought about some friends of ours who live really close to that so I jumped in the car to drive to their house to make sure they knew and to see if they needed anything they were already on their way out they packed their car um they lost power and at the moment when I saw it there were so many fire trucks so much emergency equipment there that I actually thought oh this will be okay despite the wind that we were feeling by the time I got back to the house my wife and my kids were already packed in the car because they had been getting the alerts and they were terrified understandably and so we kind of loaded up quickly um I think our belief at the moment was that this was only going to be for a night or two we really didn't think that this evacuation was going to be this profound and so then we spent that night at a School a friend of ours works at a at a private school and she was able to get us access to it her house was also in an evacuation Zone along with another friend and so we all um took Refuge at the school we've been sleeping there for the last couple nights I talked to another neighbor who said um he just got out with the clothes on his back and so important documents baby pictures social security cards all that stuff gone uh what's the situation with your family were you at least able to get photo albums or baby pictures or G or uh birth certificates no literally the same it was just so immediate um I'm look it's kind of comical the shoes I'm wearing are the worst shoes for something like this and normally I'm a kind of person who's very prepared and likes to go into situations do with all the right equipment actually all my equipment is up there and burnt and so I didn't even have the right shoes to leave because I I just firmly believed we'd be back you just left with your clogs yeah that's it um in terms of digging through your your daughter's bedroom was that a deliberate choice to start here and perhaps find something to help Comfort your daughter is that why or is just that's just the closest spot that you can get to for the time being it's a bit of both I think it's the safest spot there's some little gas leaks down there and I want to avoid those and there's some Embers underneath that I noticed and I also was really hoping I don't know how realistic it is that I might just come across something shimmery so my daughter had a little jewelry box that she got over Christmas that she really loved and filled it with all her jewels jewelry and so I thought maybe I could find some of that cuz I know where it would be it would be underneath this ash but so far no luck but yeah I can certainly empathize with you trying your best to find some sort of comfort for your daughter um speaking of which I mean how is your wife or how are your wife and your kids how are they holding up during this time um I think we're all in shock you know kind of hits Us in waves this morning I woke up and the reality of it all just seemed to overwhelm me and I just sat there and a stoer for a little while before I could really function my daughter um I'm not going to let her see this cuz I don't think it would help her my wife when she was in college lived in a building that burnt and she lost everything once before and as we were leaving she just turned to me and said I can't have that happen again and to see it happen again it's just yeah it's kind of devastating and um over there there's a whole wall where I I collect I used to collect books maybe I could say I still do hopefully but and I had about 4,000 books in the house and so they're all just completely gone yeah as a lover of books I can completely empathize with what you're um talking about in terms of I don't know shielding your daughter or shielding your wife from all of this I mean what's your plan to to kind of blunt some of uh the heartache for them well um sadly her school is destroyed so she doesn't have that Community to lean into when things start to normalize and so I don't know how that's going to play out um I had a very one of my very very good friends from college messaged me this morning and told me that his family house that he grew up in nobody's living in it right now and it's in Connecticut and he he offered it to us and we're thinking that right now we could literally just get in that car and drive anywhere or go anywhere because we have nothing to take with us and so I think part of what we're thinking is where we could where we could go just to get away from the trauma and rebuild a bit and then come back and reconnect with everybody we that we love out here we have such a strong Community we don't want to leave it but I think that for mental health we kind of have to go just reset ourselves somewhere you know I think um it's cliche or colloquial depending upon how you look at it but a home is the symbol of the American dream and I don't know was this the first home you owned or for you you know what's your the meaning behind this home for you um this was the first home that my wife and I ever came home to where we both would walk inside and just say we love it here so much we love the community we love the feeling of walking into the house we love the light in the living room we love the Silence of the bedroom so in many ways this was like a dream space to be in and even just the the location for people who've never been here before it's um it's a spectacularly beautiful area but it's so vulnerable and I think now we're getting to experience just how vulnerable and brutal it can be too well I'm I'm certainly um sorry to hear that you're considering moving away and uh I I I thank you for being so gracious to us and after hearing that I think the best thing for me to do is to just give you some space and um give you a little bit of a break so thank you for sharing those uh thoughts and emotions and I know they're very raw right now and it's so gracious to you so thank you very much you okay thank you very much Carlos um so if I may uh why don't I just give Carlos some space and if I may I just send it right back to you uh on the anchor desk residents are coming back to a lot of Devastation the burn scar Shing the community many of whom lost everything K Cal's Joy Benedict spoke with one of the homeowners beginning to sort through what's left we're up here in Sierra Madre on Hastings Ranch Road and it's just been a lot of Devastation for so many people who are coming back and seeing that their homes were lost now this particular Street backs up against where the Eaton Canyon fire started over there in the Hillside and it's not hard to see where those Flames came directly into this backyard here off of Hastings Ranch Road I mean take a look at the destruction over here of this home or I should say what's left of it or what isn't as it's just a bunch of appliances and charred memories unfortunately and I'm joined now by the homeowner um Yar yanning thank you so much for joining us here I guess when you take a look around and see what was once your home I can't imagine how you're feeling now I the feeling I can't explain because it's so hot in my mind yeah I mean you just said this is this is my sport room there's uh two peleton bikes there was a ping pong table there was all the weights there was computer of my niece for $10,000 for make her art uh she don't even like uh want to mention that she didn't even want to see the pictures today what bring you come back here today are you looking for anything I was waiting till the fire go down so I can see what what destroy and what I can find have you found anything I did what did my wife she asking me she forget in the corner of the kitchen uh diamond ring so I found the diamond but it's melted in the gold that's okay we're going to call that a small victory no that is okay you found it you found something and it's okay to be excited about that is from her mom oh so I was like a archaeology for like 2 hours almost now you were here on Tuesday night before you evacuated and you said you could see the Flames coming towards you oh yeah it came uh directly like uh it was far on the mountain and uh you can see through the tree and the branches like there was like already some big fire MH and it just pushed the tornado storm to the this side east south uh and uh so I decided I I was seeing like how fast it was it was like going so fast I never see that before because we have a fire in 2022 it was uh close to the Wilson and Observatory but no wind this this this was crazy it just came in so fast I was just so Scar and so I took just a safety and you just for my family yeah well I know it's going to be a long recovery are you planning on rebuilding or do you know yet oh we already talk I mean like uh we are already Thursday so we already talk with my wives and uh we already kind of like a deciding we are close to the decisions but uh we have to go forward because you know if you just blame uh what happened and nothing to do so there's nothing to do I will say so I mean like we have to go forward you have to go forward yes you do well thank you so much for sharing your story with us I know that this is just one of so many of these homes that is destroyed because of the eaten fire and it is just the beginning for so many of these families who will have to make that decision to either rebuild or to move on and it is a tough one for each and every one of them for now we'll send it back to you guys in the studio all right thank you Jo there was a moment of gratitude as a homeowner made his way back to his house after 2 days wow wow wow wow I have no words Alex Cole had seen video of the Palisades fire in this stretch of PCH but hoped to see for himself that his place was still standing I'm blessed that it's still standing the house is intact but there is damage the balcony off of the living room is badly burned and there are other issues Cole knows though that he's one of the lucky ones I walked in so I'm going to look around and see how bad it is but at least it didn't go all the way down so thank God for that a bit north in Pacific Palisades damage assessment teams are Fanning out in neighborhoods going house to house and cataloging what's been destroyed and what is still standing our numbers that we collect uh we work hand in hand with a FEMA so that's how they end up getting the numbers of how many structures were destroyed or not destroyed unfortunately right now we won't be able to tell cuz it's very soon but hopefully within probably like a week once we get all our data we'll be able to provide the public with how many structures have been destroyed Paula rufo and Tim Murphy hiked into the sunset Mesa neighborhood in Malibu from their temporary housing in Santa Monica they had to find out if they'd have any place to come home to our home is is uh in much better shape than than many others uh even sadly some of our our neighbors um there is some damage on the outer Area Windows out um it smells like a 70s ashay but but um it is relatively much better than than most of the folks here the fact that I was standing in my kitchen um just a little while ago is is comforting to know that my personal things are there um yeah it's a little devastating to look out my window and see all my neighbor's houses all torched I feel for them trying to reckon that our whole entire life and place and home and memories are gone other evacuated residents have been meeting at a roadblock on PCH and Tesco Canyon Road looking for answers LAPD and port of LA officers have started checking IDs and taking names in order to help people get to their homes if only for a few minutes a car comes down a police car or other Vans and they pile four or five people in who are in that area they drop you off you got five minutes and then they bring you back down it's so hard to believe that what you left in one piece is now just Rebel as so we're just trying to see maybe there's a stone maybe there's a little gem of a piece maybe one of my Forks in my silverware you know I don't know anything is going to just kind of be a touchstone when the sun went down officers told residents that they were not going to shuttle people up to the neighborhoods anymore due to Darkness but they said they would start again in the morning I'm Dylan Thomas Cal news well some Altadena residents are allowed to return to their neighborhood and survey they're lost in the eaten fire K Cal's Jeff nwin reports he talked to a couple who just spent $70,000 on Renovations only to have their home burned down by the eaten fire we are in Altadena and we are uh mcnali just north of LMA ala and this is the home of Jared Talan and Nicole Ellis and speaking of them as we uh look at some of the devastation here I'm going to walk over and introduce you to them so um Nicole no favoritism just because Jared is standing closer to me but Jared how long have you lived here and what does this home mean to you and Nicole uh about 18 years now um and this home was really our Sanctuary uh I collected motorcycles I had about 23 in the house and uh several cars um just build building that collection uh you know family heirlooms used to hike here used to work from home every day you know since Co especially so this was really uh this was really everything to us you know Nicole I don't want to pick at your wound but I can see from your facial expression this is really hard for you do you mind I'm so sorry okay it's like it was our home I trade dogs and our dogs grew up here we've traded so many other people's dogs here we go hiking here and our neighbors everyone's affected it's just lost everything we left so quickly we just made sure our animals and us got out safely you know for all of us of a certain generation uh we all recognize home ownership is a very difficult thing so I'm guessing for you this is also a symbol of Pride and accomplishment as well yeah we actually just spent $70,000 about 3 months ago renovating the bathroom repainting the entire house fixing up things putting in new lights I mean it was a very very recent renovation we were still having people come over and see it and now there's nothing to see you know certainly you were very proud of it and you wanted to show it off and you know I I know that it this this does not replace uh what you accomplished but you know if you could show it off what would we be looking at right here um we would be looking at our living room here that's our fireplace with the TV hanging from it now um we had a motorcycle here you can see an exhaust there our dining room table back there was my office dog training room we had more motorcycles more dog training equipment back there including dog fitness equipment from treadmills to all sorts of stuff um and in our back garage we had more motor Motes tools for him to work on the motorcycles and it was a home so obviously couches living room normal house stuff so if I understand it correctly was your house also a a showroom for your motorcycles as well you want to walk with me a little bit and talk to me about where they were sitting were they sitting inside the house outside the house or what what are we talking about and be careful 10 motorcycles in the house um mostly Ducatis uh one I bought from the former CEO of Ducati North America uh you can see another motorc over there that I had basically I would had the room painted to match the motorcycle um so yeah it was it was you know probably bedroom probably over $100,000 in motorcycles in the house just that I had collected over the past 20 years um some of them were numbered you know Irreplaceable collectible bikes um you know for certain guys uh you know a Ducati is an aspirational thing um talk to me about you know why you love that brand so so much oh yeah when I was uh about 16 back in the '90s you know I used to watch Carl Fogerty ride one and they were just you know they're just beautiful Italian you know the Ferrari of motorcycles uh had pictures of them on my wall I you know I collected uh the the stubs from the magazines you would s in to win them and I would you know take those out of the magazines and send hundreds in and then eventually in about 2000 I got my first Ducati um and I just started collecting them from there and and yeah symbol of Pride absolutely 100% symbol of Pride I rode 400 miles every weekend through Los Padre's forest and um it was it was that was I mean that was our church every every Sunday we go riding and uh unfortunately that's going to be on pause for a while now was your passion for motorcycles something that Nicole supported or did she do it beg begrudgingly oh she supported it 100% he has that and I have horses and we thought about moving our horse closer to home and very luck we didn't because it would have been a whole another thing to evacuate and I've had to evacuate horses before and it's not a small feat so I'm very grateful he's well and taken care of you know uh clearly you both are sort of daredevils I mean what's it like to you know find another Daredevil and and kind of build this life together um yeah you got to search for your people and we're very lucky and my dog fell in love with Jared and picked him out so here we are you know um having said that as you look at this landscape what's going through your mind here I mean your neighbors tell me the archeleta that they want to rebuild what's in the the future for you uh we'll definitely rebuild um to answer your question what's going through my mind it's how big a garage I can build when when we do rebuild uh but you have to stay hopeful I mean fortunately we have wonderful friends to house US during this time you know we both have uh jobs so like this isn't going to knock us out it it might knock us down for a little while but we'll rebuild we love Al toena and we have love the community our neighbors were all lovely one of my best friends lived basically a block away from me we would see each other all the time her house is gone also it's just we're all going through it together where are you staying now and and what's that process like so far we're currently staying at one of my best friend's houses and then we're going to a friend's guest house shortly and then figuring out our game plan which we're not too sure of right now thank you to you both for being so gracious to share your story with us and you know as uh we walk through here um just to kind of emphasize the point a little bit I don't want to be disrespectful yep I don't want to be disrespectful to your to your property but yep you see the exhaust for one of the Ducatis here and as uh we walk in this direction just one more thing you know another symbol of PR we're up here in Sierra Madre and we've been talking a lot about the damage unfortunately for those who lost their homes but there are many whose homes are still standing and they had to deal with yet another problem and that was looters I mean take a look at this door behind me behind this road on Carriage House Road this was shattered during the evacuation on Tuesday night and I'm joined Now by Kitty Johnson this is your home this is your childhood home you guys evacuated when on Tuesday Tuesday night I stayed as late as possible so about 9:30 at night what could you see at that point why did you make that decision to leave well it was coming over the mountain here and the house of I thought the houses across the street were on fire but I guess it was just the bushes behind and um then a pine tree caught fire and it was I had Embers coming on me and I thought I think Now's the Time to go so I uh got in my car and went through a little Firestorm and raced out of here so and then you got back when yesterday my brother came by about 8:00 in the morning and found that the glass had been shattered on the door and went through and there were some drawers open and whatnot and so that's uh what we figured we'd get into I mean you guys were just here cleaning up all the glass and it is filled up that garbage bin I can't even imagine how that feels to be running for your lives and then to realize that someone is taking advantage of that situation yeah it's you know we're thankful the house is here um we don't think they got too terribly much which thank God I mean when you look across the street and there's hous is gone we're we're just so thankful what we have and you know that we can hopefully continue on we're original homeowners and been here for 64 years so and your home wasn't the only one that was looted no our next door neighbor was too yeah do you know what the looters took or what the thieves got um over there I heard from the officer that it was a couple soundboards I think that's what they're called I'm not sure and maybe a little jewelry um I don't think they had much either but don't quote me on that but certainly very tough just to it feels very violating yes very much so well I'm glad that you guys are okay I'm glad that your house is okay and I'm I'm sorry somebody did something so nasty during such a terrible time thank you Joy than you we moved here when it was brand new in 1960 well I'm glad you still have it to live in yes thank you and and unfortunately that is what we're seeing a lot around here we have two situations of homes being looted there are several more across the street that unfortunately burned and is just a really tough week for so many on on so many different levels.

California wildfire survivor describes harrowing escape from Palisades Fire
3 months ago

the Los Angeles wildfires have forced more than 100,000 people out of their homes just think about that number for just a second two of them Aaron Samson and his 83-year-old father-in-law who has Parkinson's disease made a harrowing escape from the paldes fire they were forced to get out of their car that they were riding in and then they escaped on foot here's look this is crazy there's a fire right right outside our car we got it no not that way that that okay Dad yeah okay I got you come on dad turn around we got this we got this come on turn around you got it keep walking down the hill go I'm we got it Dad we got it we got it Dad we got it Aaron Samson took this video and joins us now from Berkeley California Aaron I'm so glad to see you this morning so glad that you and your father-in-law are okay before we get to your backstory how are you guys doing right now we're live we're live so that's the most important thing we're doing okay um my father-in-law went down further south toward the San Diego area to be closer to uh some of his family I went back home up north and we're doing okay Gail thank you this is what I keep hearing Ain about people that had to evacuate a they didn't know where to go how to go where had no idea about what direction to take can you take us the process about how you all decided when it was time to leave and what you took with you of anything yeah it was a very um parried situation I got a ping from my phone I think it was around 11:15 and at the same time the house line rang with an alert we it wasn't saying evacuate it was just saying there's a wildfire in the area and for the next hour or so you know I was we were figuring out do we go do we go we got another ping uh through the phone and at that point I went outside I saw smoke and fire near my father-in-law's house and realized we need to go the problem is we didn't have a car uh by circumstance we had no car in the house so now I was calling 911 Uber trying to figure out how to get him out of there and uh I ran up and down the the street where he was Glenn Haven finally found a neighbor who was willing to swing by and pick us up most people had already gone at that point and at that point I I grabbed his medicine that's the only thing I could think to grab I grabbed a couple things off the floor my mind wasn't thinking you know correctly I which I would have which I would have grabbed different stuff now and at that point we jumped in his car this guy Jeff a neighbor we'd never met before but you know salt of the earth saved Our Lives as we're driving down there's fires on both sides of the car we're driving we're suddenly seeing fires you can feel the heat uh that was a video I took on the ride down and then the fires were getting closer and closer we were completely stuck in traffic and the fire jumped about probably 15 ft from the car on the right and at that point just being stuck there surrounded by fire these uh the policemen started running up the street get out of the car get out of the car and started screaming and at that point you know this guy Jeff he had a you know his car full of his most important possessions we had a couple bags but I had my father-in-law which was the most important thing so now I'm trying to get him out of the car and the video um that that you saw earlier was me you know trying to get him out of the car as fires upon so Jeff you you are now with your father-in-law what's going through your mind as we look at this video of you trying to lead him down the hill away from danger what are you thinking yeah and Jeff was the neighbor who who saved us my name's Aaron um so as no worries uh as I'm walking down just saying we got to we got to we got to do this you know I was just trying to pump him up my my my my my father-in-law has Parkinson he can barely move this was a heroic effort on his part just walking the way you see him walking in the video finally I turned him around and sat him down on that Walker and started Wheeling him myself and we're just you know just get out of there and you know everyone was just like you know you don't really realize how serious it is until you're closer to those flames and you're really realizing you get that ping don't you don't think this is a life lifethreatening situation Aaron you are from the Berkeley area and the whole country is watching really the whole world is watching what's happening right now put it in perspective you've seen some wildfires before you know what this is like but how is this different this is well first of all it's very different for me because I was I'm very involved in the middle of it but this feels like bigger than I've ever been a part of I've been a part of some big ones in 91 there was a big Oakland Berkeley Fire and we had some uh people stay at our house who lost their homes when that happened this is obviously huge you know this is feels this is this is huge this will have ramifications in so many different ways among people around the entire country um so uh it's it's it's a it's a very big one I can't put it into words how big it is and how how much it affected my family and and me personally I know Aon we're all affected by it and we're here safe in New York but it's just heartbreaking to see people literally running fighting for their lives we're watching it in real time and it feels so hopeless that's why we're so happy to hear stories like yours that you and your father-in-law are okay and I know there is still much work that needs to be done but we thank you so much I know you're friends with Jamie yucas we thank you so much for talking to us this morning we really do appreciate it thank you guh 




Out of control: CNN reporter on scene describes Los Angeles wildfire conditions
4 months ago
Massive fires burning tonight out of control in Southern California and Los Angeles, the scene being described as apocalyptic. Nick, what is right now in Pacific Palisades, in Los Angeles. And Nick, talk to me about where you are. That looks right behind you. Those fires. Yeah. So, Aaron, we just drove up into the hills of Pacific Palisades, where, as you say, these fires are pretty much out of control. The issue here, the wind, you can see the wind whipping that smoke. And those embers, you see the embers on the air. The wind can take those embers a mile or two miles, and they can set another spot fire. That's what they're dealing with. The other issue around here. This is like a hilly, community. The roads are very narrow. So when people were told to evacuate, it was very difficult to evacuate. Some people tried and couldn't. There were huge traffic jams. People were abandoning their cars, going on foot. Now we also saw L.A. Fire Department bulldozers just moving those cars out of the way, pushing them out of the way so engines like this can come in here to try to fight these fires. Now, the other story, Chris, look at this. I mean, this, this, this, this house. You know, I was here six minutes ago. This house was pristine. Look at it. Now, these houses behind me have been burning for some time now. So the strange thing about these fires is they're kind of predictable. We knew that this Santa Ana wind event, these hot, whipping, gusting winds, were going to be coming. So far. Departments were pre-positioned. Ready. We knew it was happening this morning. I was down on the beach about 8 a.m. the wind was just beginning to pick up. 1030 this fire ignited. Now 1200 plus acres, Erin. I mean, the speed, the ferocity with which it has spread. Nick is really hard to comprehend. so to talking about where you are, you're talking about narrow roads coming up. I mean, has everyone left? I mean, because even the proximity with which you are standing to that fire, I can hear it. It's almost it's like a fireplace. I can hear it crackling. Well, listen, this is the great thing about California. And the terrible thing about California is reporters. We are allowed as close to these fires as we feel are safe. So we, of course, have parked up the road facing down. So if we need to get out, we can. But listen, there is danger here. There is no question. These winds are just moving right now. 50 mile an hour gusts maybe, and the wind is not at its peak. It is going to peak in the early hours of tomorrow morning. So we are very far from the end of this. This is only going to get worse. There are a few hundred firefighters here now trying to contain this, but it's it's a very difficult job. I've seen people up there, other firefighters, very, very rich homes up here, very, very expensive homes. So one under-construction multimillion dollar house just gone just on the next road up there. So most of the people are out. That is of course, the first priority, 30,000 people under mandatory evacuation orders. That is the first priority to save lives. Second priority is to save property and that is proving very, very difficult here, right now. Aaron. Nick, you talk about the forecast here, that the winds are going to continue at least until the early hours of tomorrow as part of the Santa Ana winds. But you're a Pacific Palisades, obviously a very exclusive neighborhood. And with the speed with which this is spreading. I know there have been evacuations in Malibu and other places. I mean, how big could this be? How serious of a fire could this be? When you look at it in the context of fires you've seen before? Yeah. Listen, I mean, I live in Santa Monica and that is a good 3 or 4 miles from here. And the evacuation order is getting pretty close to where I live. you know, it is predictable, but there's not a great deal that can be done. There are people trying to. You know, hosed down these huge, beautiful fences, hedges in this part of town that, of course, right now are just fuel. The other issue, Erin, it's the wind, the other issue. We have not had significant rain here in L.A. since pretty much last spring. And also there hasn't been a major wildfire move through this exact area for quite some time. So what you've got is you got a lot of vegetation that hasn't burned in a while, and that vegetation is bone dry. It's not just the vegetation burning, though, Erin. It is homes. And is people's lives going up in smoke? Erin. All right. Nick. Thank you very much. And stay safe there. And obviously, dealing now with the possible evacuation of your own house will be checking back in with Nick momentarily. Greg and Jeff Marks joined me right now. Also from Pacific Palisades. gentlemen, thanks very much. you you you you look exhausted. I know you live near each other. You've been out fighting this all day. you could see it in your faces. what have you seen? Yeah, we've been wearing face masks. Luckily, we we were prepared. Like the reporter said prior, you know, this is kind of what is happening now. We were able to help put out the fire. Men have been great. Luckily, their hoses are a hell of a lot better than ours. We had a fire pump, and, you know, we were able to, I think probably save 1 or 2 houses working with the firemen. But three houses have gone up right around us and, the hills. I don't know if you can see, but the hills are ablaze behind us on the down in the valley and on the other side. So, it's it's going on for sure. And the wind is not helping at all. It's it's it's, you know, horrendous. I know right now, I believe you're standing the two of you in, in your backyard. So. So how close are you right now to, to what's happening. And also the winds that seem so, you know, it's pernicious but also unpredictable. They can shift very quickly. Yeah. The wind can shift for sure right now. I mean, what I'm doing is I'm looking over the top of my house at the other house that unfortunately burned. And, we've been up there, you know, standing, standing guard on that house so it doesn't continue on down the hill. So right now, it's not looking real good. The wind is blowing real heavy and we're losing some light. So, you know, maybe a little bit of luck we'll be able to stay with it. Yeah, but we made a big difference just for the few houses around us for sure. With the firemen say we're doing great too. It's a yes. And we know there's there's one hundreds of them. They're trying to do what they can. We've been talking about it spreading out three football fields a minute in terms of the fire itself. Just sorry. I've just had the resources are being spread. Then there's a the fire is lots of different places up in the hills. Jeff. What what are you going to do now? Oh, we're going back to fight fires now. We're going up on the hill and, keep saturating the field and the the area and the roofs and and if there's any embers, we just, water them down right away. Yeah. Catch it, catch it early. But we're right after we're done with you. We wanted to talk with you. Tell you what going on. We're going back up on the roof. You're going back up, I mean, and throughout the night, are your families okay? Well, families are out of here. We're the we're the we're the ones holding the ground. So, Jeff, may I ask you what what have firefighters been able to. I mean, if you you you live there. So you've been through this before? I know that our reporter was just saying your specific area has not had a direct fire in quite some time. You're used to it, of course, in general, but but specifically the Pacific Palisades. But it is fearsome how it is spreading right now. And you have through the hours of the night. Have you ever seen anything like this before? this is as close as we've seen. And it's black smoke everywhere. I think mostly that's the end of one of the houses that burnt. But it's definitely spreading. And the wind is not helping. Jeff. So, and then you're going to you guys to stay out through the night and and then what? Take stock of where you are. Yep. Look for fire. I just, I just, put on a pot of fire. I mean, a pot of coffee right now. And do you have other people in your neighborhood who are out doing what you're doing as well? I think most everybody's gone just a lot of people information about their house via text and pictures. But we've been we've been safe. I mean, you know, moderately safe. We know our exit. Put it that way. Well, that, of course, is important. And I know, you know, you talk about saving those houses. You can only imagine what that means for the lives of everyone inside the shed. You know, everything going up in flames of people's entire lives. Thank you both so much. Thank you very much. 

Palisades realtor who lost home in Los Angeles wildfires reacts to destruction
3 months ago
https://youtu.be/uJQMYChH9EM

wildfires have been absolutely devastating as thousands of people have lost their homes and all of their belongings. the pacific palisades is one area that has been hit the hardest, and as of right now, the fire is only contained about 6%. that's actually some progress. alexandra pfeiffer sadly lost her home to the fire. she is a realtor in los angeles, working to help clients who no longer have their homes. good morning to you, alexandra. thank you so much for being here with us. given everything that you're going through right now. thanks for having me. i'm sorry. it's been a rough few days, so. a little disheveled, but happy to inform everyone what's going on. well, listen, i mean, that's. i know the least of your worries right now. and not only, you know, are you kind of trying to figure out what you're going to do? you're also trying to help a lot of folks. we just tell us what the last few days have been like and how you get to helping other people. i think the reason why i wanted to do this is because i don't think people really understand how horrific this is and was, and it's also something that people need to really be aware of in communities where there are heavy winds, fire risk, exposed power lines. we went from leaving our home thinking that it would be a brush fire and in a small area to losing an entire town. i it is the most unfathomable. i just can't even explain it. and it's a war zone where and all. i built a career and i've been there 20 years. i grew up there, all of my clients. and i'm talking about, like, thousands of people don't have places to live and their homes are gone and nothing is standing. it's just it's like it's i can't even explain it. it's you can't conceive of it. and you, we left, you know, as soon as we voluntary evacuation because we're sort of we live with mountains behind us. so we are used to the idea that there can be brush fire, but not community fire, not homes. not i mean, it's. you can't imagine. yeah, absolutely. and a lot of people talk about, well, folks in california usually have go bags and things of that nature. but this is a very different type of situation. let me ask you, even though we look at the video and, you know, your heart is just like, oh my goodness, what folks have been through walking through the area, breathing in the air kind of describe that for us. well, people have snuck in because everybody wants to know if anything is left. but the problem is, is that currently there are still active fires there, spot fires, they're not heavy, but we have exposed gas lines and the power is shut off. but the lines that are hanging are they still have electric charge. so it's very dangerous. i feel like while a lot of us are grateful that we're getting footage and people are seeing what's there, it's i've been told by the fire department to tell all of my friends and clients and neighbors not to go, but at the same time, we want to see what's left. yeah, most i mean, there are very few homes that survived where i lived. the ones that did, they have terrible smoke damage. and i had a client go back and they watched their house explode because there was an exposed gas line. it wasn't from the fire. it was from it was from the gas that was leaking. so it's, you know, while it's a relief to see that there are portions of our home there, if there are any, it's dangerous. it's just not safe. yeah. you mentioned some of the things that the first responders have told you to tell your clients, just as a realtor. where do people begin? what do you tell them when they have lost their homes? we were talking about, you know, insurance, so many homes not having it anymore. what do you tell people? well, what? the first thing that we have to do is file insurance claims. because all of us have, you know, i mean, these the neighborhood, while the homes are expensive, these are hard working people that have worked, like all of my clients. sorry to be emotional, but we've worked really hard to live there. so, you know, all of these people don't know what to do and where to go. and we don't have coverage yet for where to, how to live. we're staying in a short term rental. and so i'm just what i've been doing for the last three days is trying to help people find temporary housing. and a lot of people have to i mean, most people are paying out of pocket until they know what, what their insurance will cover. but i'm like, it's not a great system. california has a thing called the california fair plan, which covers damage, but i don't think that the when they created this system of insurance, they ever imagined that something like this could happen. so none of us know actually what will and won't be covered, but i'm just fighting for everybody to get housing because there isn't a lot of inventory in la right now. and everybody wants a place to live. and a lot of people, you know, people have kids in school. it's honestly it's kind of chaos. and everybody i know that's in my world and trying to find housing for people are just devastated because everybody i mean, people are in shock and so sad. and with children and pets, it's bad. yeah. you know, and watching from far away, so many of us kind of feel helpless or you're contacting your friends, your relatives. i talked to a cousin of mine who lives out there last night, and you're just like, what can i do? we'll talk about what fox is doing in just a moment. but what would you tell people to do to help? can i, can i? it is amazing. it's funny that you're in the midwest. i have a girlfriend in chicago who i, you know, i know through work. and she sent me a text saying there are clothes coming for you. don't say thank you. don't worry about responding. i can just tell you we left with the clothes on our back. i didn't take any clothes for my daughter. i didn't take anything. so little things help. i think everybody is just grateful that people reach out and say they're thinking about us. because, you know, these are know, years and years. all of our heirlooms are, you know, our kids certificates and medals from school. i mean, they're all gone. so i would say just just a call or sending a food basket or some clothes that you have in your house that, you know, i think everybody assumes that people have things, but we don't. i mean, i left my car, it burned to the ground. so it's just i think little things matter and all of the notes of care, i mean, i have i have so many texts from people i haven't heard from in so long, and it just helps lift your spirits. you know, it's this isn't just like a small thing. i mean, people's lives are gone. so yeah, it can take years to build a home and then just minutes for it to burn. so we really appreciate you again in your moment of need, taking the time to speak with us, taking the time to try to help other people as well. and please, please keep us updated. yeah, thank you for having me. i really appreciate it. and thanks for sharing the word. our town is a very special one. it's not like a normal la. sorry for the tears. it's quite all right. it's a very. this town is full of heart. it's a lot like chicago. i know chicago well. these people care. they're kind. they're hardworking people and family life. it's just. it's really devastating. yeah. and i know it's going to take a long time for things to feel normal again. so again, thank you for your time. we appreciate it. and we want to let everybody know that fox is partnering with the red cross to help victims of the la fires. you heard her story. there are so many stories like that. so here's how to help. you can snap the code on your screen right now. you can donate at the address that you see. go dot fox, slash red cross. do what you can. every 



Meet the Palisades resident who defied evacuation orders and saved his home | ABS-CBN News
3 months ago
https://youtu.be/CCSp5e4HGR0
These fires are just burning out of control. You heard the sound like explosions there in the hills of the Pacific Palisades. But it's also happening in the valleys and the home of the Rose parade, Pasadena. Joining us now is Tricia Cosentino. She is a Pacific Palisades resident and had to evacuate her home. Thank you so much for joining us. I know this is a really difficult time. When did you realize you were in serious danger and had to get out? Well, actually, Sara, my husband and I were taking a walk, and we saw the smoke before. Maybe 15 minutes before the fire department even, was on site. So in the beginning, we really, you know, we get these fires, they happen. And, we were being looky loos. We were videotaping, and we weren't getting any cell service where we were. When we started walking back to the house, we saw actually, we could see all of the smoke suddenly, and we started to run, because we knew it had gotten much worse very quickly. we we got home, we were getting evacuation orders. We live in the Highlands, which is, Canyon community, in Pacific Palisades. There's one road going in and out, which is very precarious. And, although we were being told to evacuate, we, we were also being blocked by the road by police. it was very confusing. and, we decided to risk it and, to drive past the police, and it was so unbelievable. The canyon was on fire that I ended up turning back with my son and going back home, because we felt we might be safer back at home. and then an hour later, things just kept getting worse. And, we made the decision to try once more. we're looking at some of the videos that you took, Tricia. And they're remarkably scary. when you see the fire on the surrounding, surrounding you as you're trying to get out, do you do you know what's happened to your home? You know, we went to bed around 1:00 am yesterday, I think, shockingly, although the fire started in the Highlands, I think our community is mostly okay. it went down and headed into town, which has never, ever happened before. so I think my home is okay, but I have a business in the village that I do not think made it. there are a lot of businesses owned by residences that are gone. Can you tell me what you experienced as you you know,
you talked about trying to leave, and I am familiar with the Highlands and how tight it is just trying to get out of any hills. But this is particularly precarious. Can you describe what was going on around you, what you were hearing and experiencing with the wind? And as the fire is just raging? you know, when we first entered the canyon, it looked clear, and it's a bit of an s. the first time we went, we actually picked up a young man who was just walking through the canyon. He worked in the neighborhood, and, I made him get in my car. and as we heard a corner, the plumes of smoke were just billowing up the road. there was, burnt ash. There were flames on either side of us. the car was very quickly getting smoky. we had wet towels over our faces. and the cars ahead of us were not moving. There's also all of this debris had fallen on the road that were rocks and small boulders. so that first attempt, I realized if I can't see, I might get caught. the second time we went down, we actually had a police escort, and they had cleared the debris. And at the bottom of the road, there must have been 30 or 40 abandoned cars. So I'm really glad we didn't try that first time. because I don't know if we would have gotten through. There were just vehicles on fire on the road burning. the. There's a church school at the bottom of the hill. some of my students go to it. It is. It was on fire. the grocery store, the I mean, it it actually, it was so surreal. I felt like we were in that movie, The War of the worlds. it I didn't recognize the streets that I were on as our own. That is harrowing. the way that you described all that. And I'm so glad you picked up that young man who was walking around because he may not have survived. just looking at the pictures now. I know that you owned this tutoring business in Pacific Palisades, and you believe that that may be gone. Where are you now? And how are you and your family doing? My husband, I'm recently remarried, and my husband, has a home, actually, about an hour and a half outside of palisade, so we have somewhere to go. so, you know, my family is safe. my daughter, luckily, just went back to college a few days before. we have our pets. everyone, I've spoken to all of our friends, my clients, everyone is safe. I would say half of the people I know. I have about 200 students. I think about half of the people I know have lost their homes. Wow. Half of the people, you know, it's really been. Yeah, yeah. I'm so sorry to hear that. I watched them burning up. It's so, so scary. Isn't even. Doesn't even cover it. But then you have to turn around and go back and see what's happened to your neighborhood, and you've already seen the destruction, and it's going to likely get worse. Tricia Constantino, thank you so much. I'm very happy to see that you and your family survived this, and hopefully your home well as well. I appreciate you coming on this morning and speaking to us. Thank you. Okay. That's just so horrible, Sarah. Thank you. I mean,
I think any half of the people who know losing their homes is just. That's gut wrenching and so sad in such a reality that I'm sure more and more people are facing right now. Let's get over to CNN meteorologist Eric Van Dam to see what the next few hours are going to be like. Derek, we're still hearing that this is going to get worse before it begins to improve. What are you expecting in the next few hours? Yeah, unfortunately, I do believe that the most intense part of this Santa Ana Wind event will be occurring in the coming hours. So the next few hours will be absolutely critical for firefighters and the residents who are unfortunately dealing with this moment. Hey, I listened to a press report from Governor Newsom yesterday saying that, this is no longer fire season. This is fire year. It happens all year round. And now we have the battalion chief, public information officer from Cal Fire on earlier this morning talking about this is the third time they've actually had the incident management team deployed in the month of January fighting these major fires here in Los Angeles County. So that's really saying something. And going back to Stephanie Elms reporting, talking about how palm trees become a literal flame throwers. This is an example of just that. Look at how the embers from that just get picked up by the intense winds and driven across the roadways at such a rapid rate. That is what we call erratic fire and extreme fire behavior. This is the moment the palisade fires one of three major fires burning out of control. 0% containment over western LA County ignited yesterday afternoon. You could see the direction of the wind funneling up and over the mountain ranges. So here is a Cal Fire map showing you the burned areas of the Palisades Fire. Here is western LA County. this is Santa Monica. This is the burned area, and you can see the ravines and the canyons here that these spot fires ignite new additional fires. And those are all buildings that have either burned or are currently burning. As we speak. The wind direction is critical. Will it move a little bit to the more of a northerly direction? So that would put more of the western, LA county, densely populated residential area at threat. We need to monitor that very closely because at the moment, right now it's gusting over 60mph. There will be a relaxing in the winds through the course of the day before it picks up again overnight tonight. Not as extreme as what we experienced overnight last night. However, we do anticipate the, critical fire weather behavior to continue right through Thursday. At least here, Kate, is the latest three fires that we are monitoring. And again, this is the driest start to the water year that Southern California has ever experienced. 





'There were just vehicles on fire': Resident describes fleeing wildfires
4 months ago
https://youtu.be/o5MmvJX3W6s
I thought you my whole life. I know these people that live in all these houses. I know the houses. I know the houses, this is my memories, and they're gone. But you know, unfortunately this California, and California is a desert, and you get fires like this. This is natural photograph. The house was built by my mother and father in 1960 and I lived here my whole life. So there's a lot of memories here, and I think I went to them as well to try my best to save it. But this day with the hose, I got the heavier, heavier hoses, and I got the mask, I got the goggles, I got the helmet, construction helmet from work. There you go, Hosey, and then when you see this vortex of embers in that wind, it's a pretty scary, you know, but some things in life are worth fighting for, you know? I mean, if I were to lose this house, it would be very difficult to afford to be able to build a new house to pay the enormous property taxes they have here. Where would I what I do? These are my wife all night, all day. Got a little bit of sleep after things calm down, live after all, the house was burned down. I did probably hurt a re jumping the fence over there, but I'll have to see a doctor when I get back. Dr. I stopped when I was out here, holding the house down and getting ready, and when the houses started to burn, I didn't see one single fire truck out here at all, zero. Did they have some fire trucks? Just don't put a squirt here, a squirt here, a squirt there, and kept an eye on things. All these houses would be here. No, I'm telling you right now I saw, with my own labels, all these houses, the houses behind me, they're all gone. They started with one little spark, one little, small fire. They just squirted those out. Had a few people out there. Look, they'd all be here. Now, one of the things that the fire chiefs always say, Well, you know, I'll leave that to other people to decide I did what I needed to do, I did what I wanted to do. I did what I thought I could do, and that's what I did over there. And closed in on this area over here, we started getting timber. So I got these trees on fire, but able to control that. Oh, actually, they very gracious. The neighbor over here, thank me for saving his house, and the neighbor over here, thank me. So you know, thanks is plenty.


In fire-ravaged neighborhood, see home that was 'touched by God'
3 months ago
https://youtu.be/Jpls-40lbfo

For many people impacted by these fires. At least five now there is nowhere left to go. CNN's Kyung Lah spoke to some of the people who returned to survey the devastation. Right over here is my kitchen, my living room. Oh my God. Pots and pans and stuff right there. Oh. Oh my God. Yeah. They. 25 years I've been here. It is 25 gone. Less than three hours. When you look out at your neighborhood. What happened here? It just looked like a war zone here. This is a war zone. Look. Just like a war zone. I saw the fire at 2:00. I took a picture, and at 4:00, my phone went off and says, evacuate. Evacuate. And that's what we did. There's nothing. Is nothing left? I literally just have the clothes on my back. It's nothing. Things that my grandmother gave me. My granddaughter. She's always making me something. And I put it in a frame. You know, I don't have those no more. Yvette said that this guy's house was touched by God. It had to be because the show didn't burn. But if his house touched by God, what happened to the rest of the neighborhood? God didn't care about us. There. And shows it right now. But I'm going, let this go. And I'm going to close my gate and I'm going, get out of here, because it's just making me sick. Oh my God. That is devastating. Kheng Long, thanks for bringing us their point of view. Let's go live now to Pacific Palisades. Our Maribel Gonzalez has been covering the fires there. And, I mean, the scene looks the same. Whether it's behind Stephanie Ellen's live shot or behind yours. I mean, all you see is charred rubble. Yeah. Good morning Fredericka. And that is because that is what so much of this picturesque neighborhood now looks like a complete a ghost town. Where we are at right now is one of the neighborhoods that has been impacted. And as you can see, this where we're standing. Used to be somebodys home. all THAtrillionEMAINS right now are ashes, debris, rubble. Standing is the entrance way or what appears to be steel beam entranceway and a chimney in the background. This scene repeated blocks and blocks into this neighborhood in the downtown area as well. And we know that hundreds of thousands of people right now are under evacuation orders or warnings. And for the people that had to leave, they can't go back home. But when they do, this is what so many of them are facing. And and then what today might be the focus for, authorities. you know, we know that law enforcement is also fanning out to several communities because people are I mean, sadly, they are looting, some of these properties or what what's happening in that area where you are? Yeah, we did hear that there were at least 20 people arrested for looting. The city has imposed a curfew in the evacuation orders to try to prevent that from happening. But today, the focus will continue to be on those containment. here, the Pacific Palisades. Palisades. This is one of the largest fires here. It's at only 6% containment. Luckily, the winds have died down, Fredricka, so that will allow firefighters to get a leg up on this fire. We saw that happening yesterday with, planes doing these aerial drops. Hopefully they will be able to do that today. But again, the fear is that those winds might pick up again. So really they're just working around the clock to try to do that before that happens. they are indeed doing incredible work. Maribel Gonzalez, thank you so much. Again, a live view right now of the fires still burning. I mean, they are raging, still out of control. Very little of these. At least five now, separate fires are, contained. Let me show you this. Look at these two photos. This on the right is what is left of a home in Altadena. And then you see on the left the beautiful home that it was just days ago. Look at that side by side. This is what has been lost for our next guest, Florence Kearns Wilson. She joins us right now. Florence. Thank you. We were just talking in the break. We are so sorry to see what has been lost by your family. You and your wife. You just moved into that home three weeks ago, right before Christmas. I mean, how are you guys doing? That's right. Yeah. I mean, how you expect we're lucky to be safe. we got out just in time with our baby and our two cats and my parents, who had actually evacuated to our house from their house. so, you know, in some ways, we're lucky, but we we lost absolutely everything. I mean, we didn't have time to really pack, so it's surreal. It's devastating. Surreal is something I've we've heard from so many people because it seems almost impossible to process. You're in your home one moment, and it was in a matter of, you know what really is minutes. It just basically has been evaporated. I mean, how did you learn about what happened to your home? mostly. So we were driving, and honestly, I grew up in the area. I've been through a lot of fires and where we bought our home. I assured my wife and everyone this is too far into the neighborhood. You know, like a fire will never come down this far. and so we learned about it. We were driving up to Santa Barbara because we were going to Morro Bay. We didn't know where else to go. and I was just texting with neighbors. someone put together a Google map trying to tag structures that had burned but wasn't very up to date. and finally, got to date. Not yesterday. The day before. The day it happened. It was so fast, a friend was able to go to the neighborhood once it had completely burned down and send us a video. And that's when we found out for sure. And what went through your mind when you saw that? I mean, I can't even imagine you were able to process it. I almost threw it, honestly. I just I don't know if I fully processed it, to be honest with you. I mean, your entire neighborhood looks like it was just wiped out. I mean, what have you heard from your neighbors? have you been able to get in contact with them? Yes, we're we're lucky that even though we had just moved in, we had already communicated a lot with our neighbors who were so welcoming and kind. And, you know, we have a few group texts going with them. And we were we've been able to share the pictures we've gotten from other folks who've been able to go in there. And we're just we're all completely shocked and devastated and just, you know, kind of yesterday we started, you know, talking about making plans to get together and just like cry together once it's safe for us all to go back. Yeah. Have you and your wife, you have a two year old daughter. You have a whole life. You were created in Altadena. have you even started conversations with your wife about next steps? Not in a serious way. we've been, you know, you have to make jokes and stuff in these times. And she always wanted a pool. And so I was saying, well, I guess let's just build the pool first, and then we can, like, build a tiny, tiny little home or something. But, we haven't really in a serious way, to be honest. We don't really know what's going to happen. It's one thing if just your house burns, which is terrible, and you rebuild it, but with the whole neighborhood absolutely flattened. I mean, we're going to have to work together with all of our neighbors or it's just going to, I don't know, get sold off to a developer or something. You know? There is a lot that it's this disaster for your family. And the neighborhood is you've got a lot to process and to go through and so many things to consider. and I'm sure it seems really overwhelming right now, so I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Thank you so much for coming on and telling us your story. And drawing a beautiful light on the beautiful home that was, and many memories to be made for your family ahead. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you for your time. 

Meet the Man Who Saved His Home From LA's Wildfire! | DRM News | AL1G
3 months ago
https://youtu.be/bYQlnHdMqC0


"Well it's devastating. I've lived here my whole 
life. I know these people that lives in all these houses, I know the houses. This is my memories 
and they're gone. But, you know, unfortunately this is California and California is a desert 
and you get fires like this. This is natural." "The house was built by my mother and father in 
1960 and I lived here my whole life so there's a lot of memories hers. And I think I owed it 
to them as well to try my best to save it." "But some things in life are worth fighting 
for, you know. If I were to lose this house, it would be very difficult to afford 
to be able to build a new house, to pay the enormous property taxes 
they have here. What would I do?" "Yes, yes, I was awake all night, all day. 
I got a little bit of sleep after things calmed down a little bit, after all the 
houses burned down. I did probably hurt a rib jumping a fence over there but I'll 
have to see a doctor when I get back." "When I was out here, hosing the house down and 
getting ready and when the houses started to burn, I didn't see one single fire 
truck out here at all. Zero." "If they had had some fire trucks and just 
put a squirt here, a squirt there and kept an eye on things, all these houses would 
be here now. I'm telling you right now. I saw it with my own eyeballs. All these 
houses. The houses behind me they're all gone. They started with one little spark, 
one little small fire. They just squirted those out, had a few people out 
there, they'd all be here now." "Well, you know, I'll leave that to other 
people to decide. I did what I needed to do, I did what I wanted to do, I did what I 
thought I could do and that's what I did." "Oh, actually they've been very gracious. 
The neighbor over here thanked me for saving his house and the neighbor over here 
thanked me. So, you know, thanks is plenty." 


Altadena residents shocked to find homes intact
Jan 10, 2025

team coverage of the eaton fire with eyewitness news reporter amy powell, live in altadena. she's talking to residents who were able to return, and then were shocked to find that their homes were not destroyed. amy. >> mark, we've been speaking with some residents tonight who've lived in altadena all their lives, and they evacuated because of the fire, but were able to return tonight and found that their homes were still standing. but given the stunning loss of thousands of homes and businesses in this community, there's still a shared loss feeling of loss. >> it's been rough, you know? i mean, it seems unreal. and i mean, what can you say? it's like a bad dream. >> cameron hudson waited as long as he could, watching the eaton fire rage on an altadena mountainside next to his home before evacuating. >> when i left monday night, it was embers coming down the size of golf balls raining down. i left the house up here, i would say probably about 130 in the morning. and i mean, it was just unbearable. just had to leave, smoke fireballs just seemed like a bad movie. >> the fire was coming down the mountain. >> absolutely. the fire was on top of the mountain here, and it was coming down, and the wind was blowing it so bad that it was just consuming and everything in its path. he was sending me pictures and i couldn't believe it. i didn't think we were going to return back to the house at all. i thought it was going to be gone by the time we got back. >> when the hudsons returned today, they saw the charred ruins of other homes in the cul de sac, and then they saw their house. >> our house is untouched. the backyard burned. the side of the house burned our cars in the driveway burned down. but our house and the neighbor's house is untouched. your heart goes out to the people that lost and the embers just started flying almost like a rain of fire. >> and we decided it's time to go. >> lifelong altadena resident jessica kennedy sent her 12 year old son to a safe place monday, staying at home with her mother until conditions became dangerous. they feared their house had been destroyed. >> we didn't think there was going to be anything at all. and then we drive up the hill and there it is. by the grace of god, there it is. >> the thought that it's still up there, it's just like god. it's just so shocking to me. it's just like, oh my god. >> their home was somehow undamaged by the flames. it's emotional. right? how? how? because you thought there's just no way. yeah. >> we're truly blessed. but i'm so sad for everybody else that lives on the street. because it won't be the same. >> we're talking about people who know who their neighbors are an .



John Raifsnider - Wildfire Evacuation: Raw Interview
Jul 3, 2014
https://youtu.be/MS0-IjmqgFs

uh I suddenly uh heard a commotion outside heard some U like bomber aircraft kind of thing and looked out the window and uh the uh the sky was black and and orange and Flames were looking on the ridge just beyond my house uh there some it's a very dense Woodland High Pines uh heavy chaperel I I just had my defensible space uh perimeter done so that was all done uh nice radius 200 feet and all that but it was so intense the so intense and so uh powerful it created its own wind you've heard that before and it was a ferocious sound and so I uh grabbed my cats put them in the cat carrier and my computer and my iPad and my iPod and uh my body pod you know the whole thing and and this is all my clothes I'm wearing and uh could think of things I would have got but there was no time it just came fast and Swift so I went over over a ridge to the ridge above and watched the house my house burn down along with the the woods the beautiful woods around it it was one of the most stunning areas of Julian uh this is my house this is the woods around the house so you can see it's a beautiful uh area heavy heavy dense dense there's a a drop right there too late but the house is enveloped in Flames this is a new new crest of flames coming up on uh on the north side 

LA Fires: 'My House Is Likely Burned Down' | Two LA Residents On Evacuating The California Wildfires
Jan 8, 2025
https://youtu.be/N_CTwCG6TUY

we can now speak to Al residents ory Israel and I witness Tana choles who are live from Santa Monica in California for us this evening thank you so much to both of you for joining the show ory and tner you both had to run out of the house to escape the fire tell us about that and are you both now safe yeah currently we are uh in Santa Monica at a friend's house uh it was a very uh Eerie sight um we were both pretty calm um and just like trying to do our best with what was given to us at the time um originally we went up to scope out the fire along to TCA Canyon and so as the fire crept closer um or Le's house was just down the road and so as the Flames were getting closer I was like hey man we got to we're going to go and we should take care of your house and so we went down there and um started uh fireproofing the house as much as we could so like you know dousing it with water um getting anything flammable off of the uh the deck and and in the backyard and that kind of thing uh but eventually uh the Flames were just it was just too much and and we had to leave yeah ory it was your house that you had to try and fireproof there as Tanner just said do you know what condition it is in or have you heard anything at all uh it wasn't in great condition when we left and I have only heard from some people that left after us that the whole street was just on fire you know every tree was exploded when we left and uh I'm optimistic but you know the house isn't burned down till I hear it's burned down well you must be so relieved to be alive and at safety now how are your friends and neighbors doing well I think that I can either come out of this as the person who's house burned down or come out of this as the person who discovered how resourceful and how connected this community was I haven't had this much communication and connection with so many people that have reached out uh I feel surrounded by love and support and I'm sure that other people in the neighborhood feel the same way and even though we may have lost every material thing we have we have gained or kept the realization that the people around us are here to support us and we'll get through it Community positivity at a time like this is so important many people are saying that they've never seen wildfires like this we know California is prone to this sort of thing in your experience have both of you ever experienced anything along these lines yeah I um I was talking to a local guy who lived here for like 50 years and he said he's never seen anything quite like this uh I do know from the National Weather Service here in the US uh these uh they're calling this the storm uh the wind storm of the decade and so these kind of winds of you know gust up to 70 to over 100 miles an hour I don't know what it is in km uh but it's it's quite significant for this area even even though we're used to like wildfires and that kind of thing but something that this caliber has not been seen in years and so um I've never experienced anything close to this uh and it's it's been jarring to say the least it's been in insane to experience over 30,000 people have been oh sorry go ahead I was just saying I've lived here all my life haven't seen anything like this well I'm glad that you're both safe over 30,000 people have been evacuated from their homes as fire Services attempt to tackle the blazes what was the temperature and the atmosphere and the moment like for both of you and what were authorities saying to you when the fire was becoming increasingly closer well we didn't see any authorities you know we saw one fire truck as we were leaving but it was mostly civilians with garden hoses fighting small fires uh and we left because it was just too hot our faces are burned my eyebrows my eyes eyes are still stinging because the fire was just you know I we stopped fighting the fire when we couldn't go near it because it was so hot and we couldn't reach it with the garden hose and that was just time where we fought the Battle yeah and I also felt like we were um you know some might think that it was a little bit foolish for us to even stay there that long but um I'm I'm a stormchaser I've been chasing for 16 years I've been around different fires as well and I just knew that with the way the winds were and everything that we were in in a in a good position um up until we had to leave we had plenty of Escape Routes uh going south down the ridge uh but it was yeah it was the the sound of just homes literally being engulfed in flames or just whole brush piles just igniting all at once is something that I will I'll never forget it was it was insane yeah I would just like to say thank you to both of you for joining us this evening and bringing us your story I hope that you're both sa both Safe LA residents ory Israel and eyewitness tan ches thank you so much for joining us thank you so much 


LA Wildfires

Jan 10, 2025
https://youtu.be/yiW_dfnaeEQ

there was no help no fire department not in our area we didn't see one until now that they're coming by on the flip side that I can sit there and say well you need to do so about the homeless cabins a lot of fires lately especially in California are the homeless you also the disant of the forest it's just a situation like this you had the Palisade fire start and then you had this one start you now you're stretching the resources the firefighters they stretch stand up here they they've helped as much as they could but you're really not going to stop a wind fire like this I've never seen anything like this it feels like literally like an apocalypse this is my old elementary engulfed in flames right by my mom's house yeah bro every everything's just going to [ __ ] right now we were here over 40 years that it's all gone just seeing stuff like this just brings me the tears bro I just had to go water down my homie's house took his bird homie was just chilling he left him there cuz he left them last night damn I can't I can't leave animals there bro no animal no life gets left behind yo what up we're in uh Altadena California [ __ ] aladen homie there's smoking fire all around us 10 people have been killed in the devastating wildfires in Los Angeles this is one of the five wildfires that have broke out in LA in the past 24 hours it just I don't know it just keeps sparking up back by itself doesn't turn off as you can see unfortunately this house did not uh survive still on fire pretty depressing we're going to talk to some people around here and see how they're being affected so let's get into it my name is Susanna l and as you can see my house burned this morning we just lost everything thank God that we're all alive that we were able to evacuate and you know go to safety until now that we return back to see our house gone this is unreal we've been here for 13 years everything is is gone we didn't even get a chance to actually take anything out of our house was there anything in the house in particular that you feel like you're really sad about not being able to get our family pictures uh our dog's ashes we had them cremated and they were in our house and you know just those personal belongings everything else is material it can be replaced but memories you know when they were young my kids were young I would never get those pictures back what's one of your favorite memories here uh we had a pool so you know family times barbecues summer this is the place to be I think first time coming into the house pool wasn't ready but our dog decided to jump in we went after he actually fell in the pool and he went in in a swampy pool and say you know rescue him from drowning oh did cuz yeah cuz he didn't know how to swim and he was you know running around in circle and fell in the pool so was that the same dog whose ashes was in there or a different dog no it's the same yeah the same yeah the same ashes what kind of dog was Nike a yeah that's the pool we had a pool table over there it's gone this is the back house to the house you can't see not even one room it's a twostory house as far as like fire insurance something you had I hope so I I mean yes that's one of the things we I remember talking to our agent you know State Farm and that yeah hopefully we do have that insurance State Farm canceled hundreds of homeowners insurance policies for residents in many of the same areas in the path of the Southern California wildfires the insurance company's reasoning for cancelling policies was due to concerns about the increased frequency and magnitude of wildfires in the state the company deemed the decision a necessary business strategy to prevent quote Financial failure you know I I sent her the picture of the house when it was burning so you know she's going to give me the our policy number and help me out with whatever I can well I hope that insurance covers a lot of the stuff that's what it's supposed to do right yes I hope so we'll see what happens when we reach out to them if they can help us but everything else it's gone do you have an email address for people out there who might want to help you and get in touch with you uh sure is esta that's e s r a dor s yahoo.com okay thank you guys so much for your time I really appreciate I know it's a sensitive time so thanks for giving us the time of day I appreciate you all very much unlike the Pacific Palisades area on the West Side an affluent area where many celebrities homes unfortunately burnt down Altadena is a diverse workingclass suburb located just north of Pasadena in the foothills of the Angeles National Forest as we've seen many in the area have been critical about the lack of fire department response and across the world everybody seems to be pointing pointing fingers at who to blame for the wildfires however many locals understand that the magnitude of these fires is unprecedented and that firefighters and First Responders are doing everything they can to keep the fire contained which is particularly difficult due to the state's crippling Water Crisis a situation that by all measures is a direct result of climate change over consumption and corporate greed many people don't know this but LA and San Diego have been out of water for years and now purchase most of their fresh water from privatized corporations like the wonderful company owned by a billionaire couple called the red Nicks who systematically export drinking water from agricultural counties like Kar and Imperial this practice has already caused devastating ecological and health impacts on communities like Bombay Beach California which we plan to cover in an upcoming video hi Mark how you doing I don't know it all depends on if they can save the sea but back to Altadena everybody stretched in from the Palisade fire to the eaten fire here on the east side of Pasadena um over by the museum uh the silar fire 210 so it's it's already everybody's already stretched in and trying to cover all these hot spots it's like which way do you go so you know I commend firefighters and First Responders everybody stretched in we're all trying to help the best way we can stuff like this there's no way to prevent it because how can you prepare for it I mean how can you prepare for it and once the wind's picked up the Embers travel and then the power lines going one little Ember plus high winds just the the smallest little fuel source it just sparked whether it's leaves canopies you know from EAS UPS anything like that everything just went up like many others this concerned citizen that we talked to decided to take matters into his own hands and stay put to protect his neighborhood despite evacuation orders issued by the city me I I this is I was born and raised here my childhood home so I did everything I could to save it we're pretty tight-knit Community my next door neighbors we all grew up with each other since we were kids a lot of my buddies were you know coming through with supplies and generators we managed to save you know my dad's house next door neighbor and these four houses with the help of some other guys you know we wet all the roofs the floors got the fires out first the fires started over here and then my son and I we just kept the water and kept all the Amber from jumping from house to house so we managed to save some houses on the back street Navaro we managed to save those with water hoses managed to survive but you know unfortunately for my other neighbors they didn't make it you know all their stuff is gone it hurts yeah it hurts um just gone nobody deserves it while some people were able to stay back and protect their homes from catching on fire others followed City orders and evacuated with the hopes that they'd get lucky and their house would be spared however most people in Altadena did not get so lucky as you walk through the neighborhood uphill toward Angel's National Forest nearly every structure is destroyed aside from a select few here's an interview with the recently evacuated family who returned returned home to find their house burnt to the ground this is a very emotional interview so viewer discretion is advised is this your house yeah we were here over 40 years that it's all gone we had evacuate early this morning about 3:30 there was no well we saw the fires but we didn't think you know that it was going to reach this low we were just able to leave with whatever we had on and you know a little bit of clothes but not really we lost everything everything we had in the house pictures memories everything's gone we don't know what we're going to do now so was it the Embers coming from the mountain some of the houses because last night it was about I don't know 5:00 when we saw the fire or a friend um her sister drove by Ed Canyon and she took a video and she told us so but we didn't think anything of it until we started seeing that the fire started moving you know quickly but we didn't think you know that it was going to come down this far you know but we just got up and left around 3:30 4:00 in the morning so about 12 hours ago yeah and the winds were really really strong and it was pitch black so we you know we panicked so we just got whatever we could cuz she has two little kids my two little grandsons we just got whatever we could and we just left what was the most important item you think was in the house my mom my parents passed away so their pictures they pictures her baby you know her kids pictures I mean but that's the least you know of our problems you know we're we got out of life and we're okay you know aside from that do you'all have insurance or anything like that no we don't We R Ed we didn't own the house but we rented but still you know we lost everything we don't know what we're going to do now it'll take us time to to pick up and you know start over but it's going to be hard if somebody wanted to uh donate to you to you know offer you some help and some Aid during A Moment Like This is there any way that we could someone could do that like do you have zel or something like that uh we have cell that are connected to my husband's phone number mine is through email it's uh L _ Espinosa 68 at yahoo.com anybody that wants to help is uh deeply appreciated okay thank you thank you 

Altadena residents who defied evacuation orders struggling to get essentials after Eaton Fire
Jan 15, 2025
https://youtu.be/mqTIiSIOfcw


you. some homeowners defied evacuation orders. now they're struggling to get water, food and other supplies. >> kevin beck from our sister station in houston is live in altadena with the details. >> hi, kevin. >> hi. colin and eileen. what? right now, we are on the very edge of a mandatory evacuation zone. and what you're looking at right here is what is left of a pop up donation site. now, those homeowners who are not heeding those mandatory evacuation orders and who are staying put, an hunkering down in their own homes, tell us this was an absolutely vital lifeline for them. and these homeowners are telling us that they have been told donations are no longer allowed here, and that they should not use this intersection as a meeting point to meet friends and family to get those essential supplies. so these homeowners are telling us it is getting harder and harder to get the basics. >> i'm wondering why you would cut off the supply line. >> carlos monteiro is one of those altadena homeowners staying put, so he's been coming to allen avenue, a new york drive, to get what he needs to survive without power. but he's one of several homeowners telling us they've been told by first responders manning this checkpoint that donations and supplies can no longer be left here or picked up here. >> i wish somebody would come up here and put a podium here and talk on the news of what's going on, because what would you cut citizens off from water and food for when all of these places are donating and trying to be helpful? >> my little truck is a pantry. >> jose bugarin says he loaded his truck up with food and necessities yesterday morning, after first responders flagged to him the new mandate they were given, and they knew that this was a terrible decision. >> right. and we pushed. we're like, who? where is this call coming from? >> but despite supplies harder to come by, jose says he'll still stay at his home in the evacuation zone. he's dropping off meals to a brother and sister down the street in their late 80s, who won't budge from their home, and to his neighbor across the street, becky janes and feisty. >> i'm not leaving. this is my house. >> jose is helping becky feed her canaries and koi and is powering up her generator. but one thing. >> he's amazing. if we didn't have him around, we would all have to leave somewhere. yeah, we'd have to go. >> and this isn't the first time jose is getting praise for being an upstanding neighbor. last week, abc 7 was there as jose grabbed his garden hose to try and save the house next door. as it went up in flames. he loves to help and with basic goods now harder to get, jose says it will be harder to give. >> i would love for them to understand that we're not here to make the job of the utility workers any harder. we're here to help the people that need the help that they obviously didn't know we're here. so there is a big disconnect. >> so we are still trying to figure out what exactly these first responders manning these checkpoints were told in terms of what is allowed and what is not allowed. we did reach out to the county board of supervisors for this part of the county, and we're told it's all a law enforcement issue. so we are still waiting to hear back from the l.a. county sheriff's department. but we do want to let you know, we did see one homeowner come right up to this line and was able to meet a friend and grab some supplies. 


Eaton Fire explodes in Altadena; evacuations ordered
Jan 7, 2025
coming in from this direction getting closer to the school. Just definitely a scary situation. I'll go ahead and send it back to you. Matthew Seedorf, thank you. We now move to a different part of Southern California, which is also on fire. This is the Eton colleague Gina Silva is giving us a look Those areThose are horses, horses, Gina. Those are horses. Yes. There's a woman that just came down the road here and she's trying to get her horses out of here. But as you can see, we are on New York Drive in Altadena, and this entire hillside is on fire. It has already crossed the street. And there's a building here that is in danger of also going up in flames. I don't know believe it said water, water meters, something like that. But you can see tincredible wind driven fire. The Eden fire At around 6:30 p.m. With just an estimated 20 acres and the blaze. As you can see, it has quickly exploded into more than 200 acres and it keeps growing. There are so many homes here in danger, and that is why officials have issued a mandatory evacuation order in the area that is just west of the Eden Canyon Course. People living on these streets also have to evacuate immediately. And I heard a lady earlier saying she didn't want to leave because she's got so there was a sort of a thing that was going back and forth. But people living on leave immediately. You can see how dangerous the situation is. These are the streets. Kanile'a Canyon Road, Outpost Lane, Glen Springs, Coolidge, Roosevelt, Vanatta, Can Claire Drive. As you can see, this is a fast moving winds are absolutely wicked. And I think that we are ourselves are going to have to end up moving because our vehicles are down here and this just keeps moving down. Now, we came from my goodness. Thewere so strong it was difficult to stand in one place. So we were concerned that a fire could break out out there. When this one broke out and we were sent see, Pasadena fire, LA County fire, there are so many units that are here battling this blaze. As I said, there are so And at this point, we did hear that one home is on fire. And right over here you can see more people horses. They're trying to rescue their animals. Can you imagine just oh my goodness, these embers flying everywhere. Hi there. How many more horses do you have?t let loose over there. We're trying to get as many as we can out. Yeah. Are any homes out there on fire? attention. I just drove straight to the barn to get my horses out and get the rest of these guys out. We're not going to let them burn. I got a bunch of trailers and How many more? We don't know, I don't know, I don't know how many. How many did you let out? We took them. About four of them in 2 or 3. And another one. So there should be at least maybe 12, about 12. Are there more people out there right now? It's a whole barn. To get out. I got I a I'll take that for. Two. Three. What is that Ten, 11, 12. There's 12. Yeah. No they're pretty wired up. Yeah. They're getting used to it. They're getting used to it now. But w wind is blowing and the embers are, they don't really know what to do at first. Have you seen anything like this? Look at that hillside. Yeah. I've rescued before. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Please be safe. Yeah. Thank you. You'll be safe, too. Yeah. I think we're going to because I could see all of the firefighters that were stationed at this l And And the police officers, they already left. And again, this is New York Boulevard. Altadena is Bradley. And the building that is very close to being on fire. And then maybe before the end of the night again, I don't know exactly what it is, but I did see water meters. What does it say here? It's the Pasadena Tech Center. Oh, wow. That's a that's in danger right now. Okay. And the tech center. I know you had heard at least one home on fire when you made your travels there. Did you fire? No, we didn't see any homes On fire. We on fire. We did see was the large orange glow from the 210 black, black smoke up there in the sky. And it just was so ominous. It was just, you know, when you look at it, you're like, oh, no, this cannot be good because it's spreading so fast. These winds are just unbelievable. We couldn't stand straight when we were in upland. And then as you're driving. you don't have to go anywhere, don't go Driving is is very dangerous right now. There are there's so much debris on the freeways. It's just coming at you. It's just not it's horrible, horrible driving conditions. So we just broke into programing on Fox 11. So if you were just joining us, welcome to our Michaelson Marla Tellez Gina Silva is joining us right now from Altadena. All day we've been talking about this fire that we have been watching in Pacific Palisades. That's still burning out of control. This fire now burning out of control as well in Altadena. Gina, can you talk to us about what you're seeing in terms of firefighters? I was about to ask you about that a moment ago. Then we saw some firefighters get there. Are you seeing a lot of firefighters at work, or are you seeing a lot of what we saw in Pacific Palisades, which is a lot of areas that they just can't get to. It's a really difficult area to get to. But we did see L.A. County Fire. I know that Pasadena Fire is also here, and And Los Los Angeles. the forest fire is also sending out information. So crews out here, but we haven't seen that many engines out here where we are. It is possible they are in the in the neighborhoods where the homes are threatened in the foothills. Again, this is the Eden f acres. And it keeps growing, of course, with these winds, you know, it's just a really difficult spot, a difficult 

Imagine Losing Everything in Minutes: Our LA Wildfire Horror
Apr 18, 2025
https://youtu.be/_9jHUkgrmn4

[Music] January 2025, Los Angeles witnessed the worst wildfires on record. It was as if a nuclear bomb had been dropped on LA in the aftermath of the deadly palisades and eaten fires. Devastation like never seen before. 29 lives lost, thousands of homes and structures burned to the ground or badly damaged. Tens of thousands of acres scorched, and billions of dollars of financial ruin. What could not be destroyed was the fighting spirit of so many courageous Angelenos who with strength, survival, and some savvy and with neighbor helping neighbor are beginning to piece their lives together, beginning to rebuild. Angelenos like Aladena residents Rachel and David Thaxton. We used to sit here and have coffee and wave to our neighbors as they're driving by to go to work and enjoy our mountain view. Enjoy our mountain view. This is the front door that when I closed it that Tuesday night, I just knew I was going to come back. I didn't realize that'll be nothing left. This is our living room. And up on the mantle, we had our wedding pictures, our daughter's wedding picture, family pictures, and yeah, we didn't end up taking any of that stuff with us when we left. I was just absolutely gutted. And it just you just walk in and think, where am I? You don't even recognize it. So, I look at this and it's like I can barely tell where anything was. So, for me, David, it was just total devastation. This is all that remains of Rachel and David Thaxton's property. Their forever home, or so it seemed. Their house now burned to the ground. Their cars burned to the metal frame. The Eaton fire made certain of that. Eaton was the outofc control wildfire that destroyed much of the Altadena community here. Aladina is located directly north of Pasadena about 15 miles from downtown Los Angeles, a SoCal area famous for the Rose Bowl, the Tournament of Roses Parade, Caltech, and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. For nearly 25 years, the Thaxton lived here, lifers like so many of their neighbors in this quaint, picturesque Aladena community. As Rachel and David explained, the night the fire broke out, they had gone to meet some friends on what was an unusually windy day. Now, it's certainly not uncommon for the Santa Ana winds to fiercely howl throughout SoCal on dry, hot days, wreaking havoc and contributing to blazes igniting all over the place. However, nearly 80 mph ferocious winds which fueled both the Palisades and Eaton fires. Well, they're not so common. As Rachel and David were driving home that night, there was a lot of smoke and when they got to their house, they had no power. Little did they know that was going to be the least of their problems the next day. We um had gone with some friends to dinner and as we were coming back home, we had dropped them off and we could see the glow of the fire way off in the distance, but um we came home and we had no power and we thought, you know, our daughter was encouraging us to go down and stay with our other local daughter. So, we um decided to go ahead and pack up some things. So, we did an overnight bag and as we were leaving, I just said to David, "Let me just grab our important papers." is I felt I was being a little overdramatic because, you know, we're not fire zone and we've seen the hills burn before and had no idea that this was going to be the end result. So, we really didn't take other than our papers, we didn't take anything else with us other than a change of clothes. So, you really have nothing, right? Mhm. Except each other, right? As Rachel explained, she and David are not unfamiliar with wildfires burning here in this SoCal region. They witnessed several blazes over the years near their unincorporated Aladena community of LA County. However, they never witnessed anything like this. I've lived here long enough where I've seen fires in the mountains. And I always thought, "We're not in the fire zone." And that night we left, I kept thinking to myself and even told my wife, "We're going to be back. We're going to be back." So, I never thought that it would come this far. And to see this and to think that everything that we've built up here is now gone. Here's our couch, honey. We used to just sit and I know look out the window. There's our ceiling fan that was right here. And as you can see, we had a pretty good size picture window. So that for us was our our mountain view. This is why we live we moved here. Look at that. The mountains are right there. Then our kitchen was over here. We just remodeled that in 2020. And it was we Yeah, it was our kitchen. We were so happy with it cuz we got everything we wanted in that kitchen. Mhm. And I know over the years you both put a lot of money into this house to make it what it was. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. We redid the kitchen. We had a bunch of upgrades done and and this is our was our daughter's bedroom back here. That was our daughter's bedroom. And they uh they shared the space for quite for their younger years. And then as our older one got a little older, we actually kind of jimmied our dining room and made her her own little space for a few years until she moved out. But yeah, this was this was their childhood home. And we have just a lot of good memories, a lot of parties, a lot of school projects. Oh my goodness. There's Yeah. Some of our wedding china. Your wedding china. Wedding china. Cuz we had a china cabin in our dining room. We had a dining room right here. Right. And the china cabinet would have been right about here. The china cabinet was my mom's china cabinet that she gave to me and it was it was treasured because there was there was silverware in there that she and her mother had. Yeah. Yeah. It's just weird to see the few things that did kind of survive. And I'm just actually noticing our topping of our wedding cake. Oh my gosh. That um Oh my gosh. What does that say? I'm missing. She's still there. That was part of your wedding cake. How many years ago? 35 years ago. This year? 35. This year. This This actually I think are books. Don't touch it because it'll make a big powdery mess. But yeah, that was our bookcase. We had a bunch of books in there. That's right. Cuz this wall right here would have been our was our bookcase. So this is the left of my barbecue patio furniture. This was a gazebo. We drive up here and I and it's like I there's no point of reference. So, it looks completely unfamiliar. The first time we came up, as we were driving the streets, I didn't even know what street we were on cuz I didn't have anything to kind of Yeah. give me a frame of reference. As Rachel and David sift through the rubble and their once precious memories, they know they're not alone in their tragedy, their loss. Thousands of families like the Thaxton lost everything either in the Eton fire or the Palisades fire that also scorched the LA earth. Pacific Palisades is a SoCal community partly located from Sunset Boulevard to Pacific Coast Highway in the Pacific Ocean, a giant swath of land that also in part divides Santa Monica and Malibu. For decades, the Palisades have been home to everyone from doctors and lawyers, Hollywood actors and producers to working-class folks, surfers, and students. Unfortunately, no matter what socioeconomic background, most residents did not go unscathed in the Palisades or eaten fires. Today in Altadena, it's that Faxton fighting spirit that's helping neighbors rebuild their homes and their lives. And even with their strength and resilience and their never quit attitude, there is overwhelming sadness for Rachel and David. The initial few weeks it was just like the utter shock of it. And now I think we've developed this like deep homesickness. And we've said a bunch of times we I just want to go home, you know, and just that feeling like and then I look at it, but I don't recognize it and it's just heartbreaking. I just recognize parts of it and it's not complete. It's just holes. There's holes all around this yard and that this is Yeah. I guess like my wife was saying, it's just the loss of what we build. Is that the most overwhelming part, the loss of what you build? Or is or is it the worry and the anxiety over what you're going to have to build, where you go from here? How do you rebuild not just a home, but your lives? Yeah, it's all of that. And it's also communal grief because we're not just grieving for ourselves, we're grieving for our neighbors. Everybody's scattered everywhere. And I, you know, how long before we all get to be back together? And so yeah, it's that it's that um you said at one point something about the house was crying or something. I had you had this feeling I had this like weird vision of our house when it was burning just screaming out save me which you know just kind of haunted me. Saving their house is going to be a tough task. Rachel and David worked their entire lives to make a dollar and save a dollar. They say they are going to rebuild their cherished home. They have no choice. Other Altadena residents have chosen to do the same. Stay here. Rebuild. With that said, locals are very aware of the obstacles before them, particularly the expensive rebuilding efforts that could force neighbors out of this community. The Eaton fire destroyed thousands of Aladena structures and the economic rebuilding challenges for the current residents are formidable. Housing experts say there are going to be massive challenges with supply chain disruptions and overwhelming competition for things like construction, labor, and materials. As well, residents here say they're concerned they're going to be displaced partly due to economic pressure to build apartments, condominiums, or other types of rental units that could replace their single family homes. And then there are the problems with the insurance companies. Yes, some Aladena homeowners like Rachel and David have begun to receive payments for their destroyed properties. Others have not mired in the red tape and bureaucracy of the insurance industry. And there's fear among some residents here that megaealthy real estate developers with deep pockets are going to make neighbors who cannot afford to rebuild an offer they can't refuse. In other words, they're now going to possibly have to deal with predatory developers who are trying to purchase some of these burnedout lots. Rachel and David nervously admit this is unchartered territory for them. They have no idea what's involved with the rebuild. They just know they're worried and concerned these days. Okay, now we got to face reality. Now we got to face the what comes next. How do we rebuild? We never wanted to build a house. Not rebuild. No. And also there was a point you said that our whole history has been erased. Yeah. It feels like it feels like everything has been here. Everything is here. Now we're starting from scratch. Everything we've known is gone. Mhm. The history possibly erased. Your fighting spirit, your legacy, your strength definitely not erased. I am guessing that's what is going to be carrying you through. Yeah. Well, our insurance company's actually been very responsive. We've we've had a lot of response from them and they're very communicative. So, in terms of, you know, getting the payouts, I don't think that's going to be so much of an issue for us. I know for a lot of people that were, you know, dropped from insurance or very much underinsured. Again, I don't know if we're underinsured because I have no idea how much it's actually going to cost to rebuild a home. Um but you know then it's a matter of you know finding an architect and drawing up plans and fulfilling you know permit requirements and um yeah just the anxiety of you know making sure we're not falling behind and not making this take longer than it needs than you know than it needs to cuz we wanted we want to be back here as soon as we can. That's kind of the biggest anxiety is just how to how to even go about it, you know, not having any experience with any of this and it coming on as so suddenly because most people if you're going to build a house, you're thinking about it for a while and you're planning but all of a sudden it's like boom, we got to do this. So that really stresses me out and I'm kind of more the paperwork person out of the two of us. So I feel like yeah, that's something that really stresses me. And then the big question is we want to build it exactly the way it was when we left and we know it's not going to be exact but we're going to get as close as we can cuz you know for the of course for the size we have to because it's the footprint of this property that we're we're our insurance is only the footprint so we can't go wide we can't go tall but I want it back like it was because that's what I remember so far. What have they told you? Whether it's the city, the county, the architects, the engineers, the um folks who do all the mitigation, uh do all the cleanout, so to speak. Um this is a labor intensive, herculean, and arduous task that you're going to be dealing with. What have they told you so far? Well, there there was that phrase like to like. Yeah. Yeah. We can build like to like and um which is the same footprint. Yeah. And I think they are allowing an additional 10%. I don't know that realistically we can do that on our lot, but um so we know that, you know, we can do that, but um we in terms of the cleanup there, there's a map that we can go to that's showing you can put in your address and it'll show you like what phase you're in. So, we're still waiting for I don't know for sure. I can't tell if they've actually done all the hazardous cleanup yet, but then they'll come in and do debris removal, but again, we don't have a date. They'll call us 72 hours in advance. We can either be here or not be here when they do the debris removal. So, um, and what we've heard is Army Corps of Engineers, I guess, are the ones that's going to come in and physically take all this away. It's so new, though. It's such a different animal. This is not your normal rebuild, obviously. It's it's not your normal rehabbing a house. Um, is your anxiety that you were mentioning before just the fact that you don't know what the future is going to bring as far as where you go from here? Yeah, I think that is it's like finding the right people, you know, finding a reputable contractor and, you know, trying to stay within a budget and just not knowing whether with, you know, this many homes, thousands to be rebuilt, what's going to happen with the price of materials or availability of contractors. And so those things really kind of yeah, worry us. And yeah, in terms of, you know, yeah, what is the actual bottom dollar going to be for what we're going to end up having to pay to rebuild? Are you going to be okay financially? Do you folks have the money? We hope so. I mean, we, you know, our insurance, again, I don't know what it costs to rebuild a home at this point and what it's going to cost. So, um, but you know, we've we have some money we can fall back on if we need it. And you know there's FEMA and there's the SBA loans and so we've kind of put in for we're work we put in for FEMA we're working on SBA loan and we're reaching out to just everybody at this point. You both work your entire life uh you're a bookkeeper in a law office for 35 years. Yeah. And their office manager too. And the office manager. You are a courier if I'm not mistaken for FedEx. You're 30 years. You finally retire. You're about to live what you had expected to be a comfortable Yes. quiet, financially sound life and now this. You guys aren't wealthy. You're workingass folks like most of us. Um this is got to be tough. Yeah. Just knowing this is probably going to consume the next, you know, 3 to 5 years of our lives at least. You know, that's not what we planned. Can I just say when I'm standing here now and I didn't really think about this before, but I can see from here six chimneys. That's my neighbors. Yeah. Six chimneys. So, it's not going to be just my rebuilding. It's their rebuilding because I want my neighborhood back. I don't want just my home and see six chimneys or three chimneys this way. I want the whole neighborhood. So, I'm hoping that we can and we want it to be our original neighbors. you know, you know, I know a lot of fear in Aladena is that people will come in and try to buy out lots and build, you know, who knows what. So, that's not what we're hoping for. Today, Rachel and David are very connected with their community. They know so many people who have lost their homes in the January infernos that destroyed much of Aladena, parts of Pasadena, and much of the Palisades. Fire victims all pulling for each other, all working together. I'm so heartbroken to not be seeing them every day. And there definitely is there we have a lot of um you know chat groups through text messages and we have I'm on a Facebook page with Aladena people and yeah just everybody's really trying to provide each other with information. Anytime somebody gets something new we put it out there for everybody and so we're kind of trying to work together and some of our neighbors have talked about trying to find the same contractor to like rebuild together using one contractor. It's interesting. You can technically rebuild all these homes. The question I have for you is, can you rebuild that sense of community? Because there is a tremendous loss here. It's neighbor knowing neighbor, neighbor helping neighbor, your kids, your dogs, your pets. Do you ever get that unification back? When you said that a minute ago, this is why I thought when I go to the hardware store, I'll see a neighbor. When I go to the bank, when I go to my favorite hamburger store, which hamburger shop, which is no longer there, one of our supermarket, you see your neighbors, that's community to me. It's when I go out, I can see my neighbors. And remember, I was a FedEx curer. So, this was my community work-wise. These are your people. Yeah. I've lost I shouldn't say I've lost because I haven't lost some of the people but the properties that I used to deliver to you know some people every day once a week once a month but this was my Aladina was my was my route and it's a diverse really diverse neighborhood which is what really drew us to the neighborhood too being a kind of a multithnic family we just really enjoyed the diversity up here and the closeness I mean you know especially this part of Alina we're small homes on smaller lots and so there's a real connection and I just hope that as we rebuild that we'll be an even better even more connected I think because we have now have this shared experience and this shared trauma. So the loss of this clinic which has been providing services for the community for over 50 years uh is is is really tough. Just a few miles from Aladena in Pasadena, this is all that remains of the Ultimate Healthcare Clinic. A clinic that had been at this location serving the children and families of this community for half a century. In recent years, Ultimate took over this medical facility as doctors and nurses here continued the tradition of taking care of the thousands of people who depend on Ultimate for their healthcare needs with many patients suffering from serious health issues, both physical and mental. Dr. Francis Runes is the Ultimate Regional Medical Director for this Southern California area. Dr. Runes explains that the loss of the Ultimate Clinic here in Pasadena is impacting generations of families. You used to be able to walk in here, get your X-rays done, your labs done, your your preventative care from one day to the next. This has been a you it goes from a trusted place where you can bring your children to to your parents again providing multigenerational primary care preventative care to it's just gone and that's a shock not only to the community but for our staff who live in the community who have been working here. So, we've been doing our best to try to pivot and just really try to be as available as possible for our for our staff and our patients and to try to minimize the disruption in care that does exist. We're over 4,000 individuals who were assigned specifically to this clinic, but to the Altadena Pasadena region in general. Um, our organization had over 6,000 patients affected who were either in direct fire zones or evacuation zones. patients suffering with everything from heart disease and to diabetes to cancer and depression. Dr. Runa says after this clinic burned to the ground in January, all employees who worked here were relocated to another ultimate-based facility. This as their doctors and nurses now work 24/7 in the aftermath of the Eaton fire to desperately try and continue to provide community health care. a community that encompasses middle-class folks, workingclass bluecollar folks, Medicaid and medical recipients, people with no insurance, many people living at or below the poverty line, and now with the fire, their situations have worsened even further, and Ultimate Ed has to try and do some damage control. Unfortunately, in the immediate aftermath of the fire, we had to close seven of the clinics in the area. So, those first few days, they had to remain closed cuz they were still in active fire areas. So, a community clinic like like the one that was here with Altamemed is a trusted member of the family. I know that though the building is not physically standing anymore, we will have to persist because the mission is still there, there's still a need. So, we're going to try to fill that need as in whatever way we can. So, in this case, if we have clinics in the area and even into the surrounding areas cuz our organization extends into uh deeper into LA and Orange County, we're trying to wherever if you were essentially a refugee from this fire, we're going to do our best to try to help uh continue providing services. So it's just the other thing about it is it's devastating to see the the lo loss of the structure but there's a commitment from the organization to make sure that we try to rebuild as soon as possible because that's what's going to help people get come together community come together is having anchors like our clinic that people can come back to and that's where the community can start building around again. Dr. Arunis explains that this now destroyed Ultimate Clinic was what's known as a federally qualified health center, which basically means the clinic took all patients, no questions asked, regardless of their ability to pay or their insurance status, regardless of their socioeconomic status, regardless of anything. It doesn't matter that we we need to we're treating the people who need it the most. And the vast majority of our of our patient population is dependent on Medicaid and California medical. And this there's very few resources within medicine where we can say it's purely about the medicine, right? Medicine in the United States needs a lot of revamping. It's it's far from universal. But as a federally qualified health center, I I am proud to work here because I know that I can just keep it about the medicine that I'm just going to be able to treat the patient in front of me with whatever resources we have. They've lost their homes, a lot of them, their transportation as well. So when you consider all the different socioeconomic factors that are at play, whether they've lost their jobs, their their their their homes, their means of transportation. So our our mission right now is to try to make sure that our patients who don't have as much of that buffer that maybe some of our other patients at other or at other local may have that they don't suffer that fate. And while the Eton and Palisades fires have taken their toll on their respective communities, Dr. Runes admits that he is suffering as well. For a while, he acknowledges he had to stay focused, stay in the zone, fight or flight, so to speak, to simply take care of his patients after the fires. However, as the dust settles, literally and figuratively, now Runus is finally taking stock of his own emotions. [Music] I'm sorry. It's it's it's difficult to to to really like pivot because I I I still have my life and it's one of those things where maybe I do feel a little bit of like survivors guilt that that you know, how am I here and then other people are not. But with this opportunity that we have, we have to do our best with it. If I could have a message out to the Altena community, it's that we are proud to be part of you and that we are not going anywhere and we will be building back stronger than ever and we want to make sure that you're there with us. Sound familiar? Just ask Rachel and David Thaxton. I just want to see our neighborhood come back together and and I I do feel a sense of hope just having come to our property today. We have a daffodil that's coming up out of the ashy ground and that just for me was a little sign that okay, it's not completely dead here. There's life. There is life and we can rebuild it. And a a friend of ours drove up a couple nights ago and they saw our little lights out in the front of our house that are solar. they were on. Nothing else was here was lit except those two lights. So, I'm feeling that even that is telling us we're coming back. Um, as for the future, I mean, since we've have each other and live through this, if you see something wrong, like a fire, don't do what I said I was going to do. I'm going to stay here until someone knocks on my door, cuz that would have probably been too late. It's is to is to get out cuz it Yes, it is your home. Yes, it is your memories. Yes, it is stuff, but your life is more important. We're we're here to talk about it now because we have each other. Thank you so much to Rachel and David Thaxton of Altadena and Dr. Francis Runes, regional medical director of Altimmed Health Services. We wish you the best. We're here for you. Certainly let us know if our reporting can help in any way. Now, for more information about our program, just click on kcs.org and then click contact us. Send us your questions, your comments, even your story ideas. so we can hear from you. Or you can contact me directly at DavidarNews onx or on YouTube. Or just go to Davidarnews and contact me there. You know, I'll get back with you. And be sure to catch our program here on PBS or catch us on the PBS app. Thanks so much for joining us. I'm David Nazar. 

Deadly Los Angeles Wildfires 2025: Who or What Is To Blame?
May 7, 2025
https://youtu.be/K5gEULxihbw



Can Los Angeles learn from its mistakes where fires are concerned? Can LA not fall victim again to the fatal tragedy that happened in January 2025? One of the worst wildfires on record in its history ravaged the city of angels, the Palisades and the Eaton fires, 29 lives lost, thousands of homes and structures burned to the ground or badly damaged, tens of thousands of acres scorched, and billions of dollars of devastation. Who or what were to blame? Are these fires preventable to some degree? We're going to hear from the attorney who is suing SoCal Edison, the mega Southern California power company, over what the attorney claims was neglect and mismanagement on the part of SCE that led to the Eaton fire. First though, joining me now to discuss the fires is Los Angeles City Counciloman Monica Rodriguez. Councilwoman Rodriguez represents the city's seventh district which includes great communities like Silar Pakoma and other parts of the northeast San Fran Valley. Monica, thank you so much for being here. Good to be with you, David. A return guest on this program, I should add. Councilwoman Rodriguez, let's begin with this. Simply put, what went wrong? Was this Mother Nature doing her thing? Or to be honest, was there something possibly more unfortunate, more sinister, I should say, possibly to blame for the fatal January LA wildfires that at least might have added to the mass devastation and the destruction, the lives lost. Monica, well, you know, anybody that was in Southern California the evening of January 7th knows the velocity. Uh the winds were unlike anything I've ever experienced in my life. And my district has sub been uh subject to a number of very large-scale wildfires. Uh many wind-driven events that uh of course exacerbate the conditions. Uh I think the combination of how ferocious the winds were that night, of course, tragically a fire uh you know starting uh in those conditions, not having the ability to have an aerial assault uh really hindered uh the circumstances. Certainly with both fires, I think it again uh you can only have a ground attack and when you have a ground attack only, you're only hitting the whatever perimeters you can access with whatever resources you have available. So I think that's uh one thing. I would also say that you know I also had a fire in my district, the Hurst fire that started uh the evening of January 7th at 10:30 in the evening as well. And thankfully because of you know probably uh an overabundance of exercises that we've done because our community is so well practiced my district we went straight into action. We evacuated 71 horses. My staff went out there. We were active on the scene. The community knew what to do. And so we were well rehearsed sadly because we've experienced these events many many times over. But again uh these events are unpredictable. We saw a number of fires starting. I am eager to see uh from uh those investigating whether or not you know what the original source was. I know you're going to have the individual uh leading that lawsuit with Edison at the Hurst fire. We have uh Edison power lines. Edison has suggested that perhaps that did in fact was the source of the Hurst fire. And I think we have to have conversations about public utilities, about uh our ability to do brush clearance on a more regular basis in the areas that they cover so that we can protect as many lives and properties as possible going forward. Yeah, I appreciate that and I hear you loudly and clearly. You said something of paramount importance. You're right. The winds were crazy. Normally we have like 40 50 mph Santa Ana winds. We're used to that. You are correct. These were like 80 m an hour. That is not so common. Yet with that said, what is your opinion of Mayor Karen Bass firing LA Fire Chief Kristen Crowley? It was back in February, I believe. The chief obviously appealed and obviously your city council did not reinstate her. You know, I was incredibly disappointed and made very uh clear my disappointment with that decision and opposed it very vehemently. Uh Chief Crowley has been an outstanding leader for the Los Angeles City Fire Department. I still believe that. uh today and uh I was incredibly angry uh at what I thought was false statements around uh the rationale behind her dismissal because uh I had the CEO even in council chambers when we were considering her appeal uh basically corroborate that uh what the chief was citing was fact uh there the idea and the suggestion that she could have retained a thousand firefighters on duty uh without apparatus that's just not going to you know that there's no place to put those firefighters. We would have paid them to basically sit in the stations because we had no apparatus to distribute them uh to these fires. Uh then subsequently the uh suggestion that she refused to participate in an afteraction report. Well, the day of her appeal, the city council was actually going to be deliberating on uh the allocation to fund an afteraction report. So, uh, again, the mayor has within her authority as the the mayor of Los in her executive authority to hire and fire general managers. I had a really big problem with what she cited as the cause and and reasons uh suggesting that it was for the safety of Angelinos. Uh, Chief Crowley has been dedicating her life to protecting Angelinos and I just had a really big problem with uh the idea that it was for the safety of Angelinos that she would make this decision. Monica, when you voiced your concerns, uh, obviously your city council colleagues heard what you were saying. How did they react to you? You know, um, obviously, uh, my colleague Tracy Park voted with me. she was the one other colleague who uh who supported um my uh my position. But I will tell you what I was uh overwhelmed by was the amount of both public support and members of the uh fire department that were so grateful. Uh so show showed me so much gratitude for how I spoke up uh in the wake of what even one colleague suggested would be political retribution for me taking a position against the mayor. And as I said to them, and I'll say to you now, I uh you know, I don't pull punches when it comes to standing up for to doing what's right. I think that's what people want and expect from their elected officials. And I was proud to stand uh up for Chief Crowley, and I would be honored to do it every day that I get an opportunity to because she didn't deserve uh I believe how she was treated uh in the aftermath of these of this catastrophic event. Yeah, I appreciate you for that truly. And I'm going to echo another sentiment that every Angelina, nearly every Angelina I've spoken with, and we've done many fire stories. I've been out in the field talking to hundreds of folks since January. Obviously, they all say that she was the collateral damage. She should not have been fired. They put the blame on Mayor Bass and on uh Governor Nuome, and that's just what I have been hearing. Um, next question. And from a city perspective, a policy perspective going forward, is there something that can be done, Councilwoman Rodriguez, possible solutions to where city folk, county officials, all the agencies maybe are better prepared for these disasters, the wildfires? In other words, where can improvements be made? And I know you've done herculean efforts in your uh communities that you represent to to do those positive things, but on a larger scale, what can we all do to have just better better reaction to these fires? I think practicing um evacuation strategies is of paramount importance. I know that's something that we do in my district with regularity. And I think every other part of the city, particularly hillside communities, need to be exercised. Emergency events are not a matter of if, but when they happen. And so we all have to have a plan. And again, we always find ourselves in these difficult circumstances. But if you don't practice and exercise what you're going to do when those moments arise, that's when you're going to have the greatest cat uh catastrophic event because no one is prepared. Um I would say that brush clearance remains top of mind. Uh I had introduced motions previously because even Calrans properties which is you know California highway they need to maintain the right of ways because during wind- driven events it doesn't matter if it is if the fire uh commences uh in these wildfire zones. Embers can fly a mile if the wind conditions are right. And the conditions are always right because they're dry. Uh here in California, we have a an unending wildfire season. And so we have to always be prepared. Property owners need to help create that defensible space that assures that firefighters will be able to have a fighting chance to protect lives and properties. And so I think it really this is a herculean effort for our communities to be exercising these good practices and making sure that we are creating a sense of you know caring for one another that we are in fact doing all the brush clearances creating that defensible space and creating great uh emergency uh evacuation plans because as I said with the circumstances with the horses we evacuated 71 that would have likely have perished uh from the Hurst fires but with members of our community, we went and evacuated those horses safely and got them to safety and that was because we had practiced all of uh you know those events and that was at you know 11:00 at night and we we went out and did it. So again we have to remember that our first responders can't do it all that we are also part of the team and we need to act that way. Yeah, and you don't get enough credit because I I reported on that fire, the Hurst fire, and you did a good job in your community. I am going to say this. I think fires bring out the best and the worst in people with the worst. And I don't I don't mean to politicize this, but this has to be said. I try to take a very common sense approach, Monica, on this program. Not left, not right, just centrist, some center left things, some center right things. It's just how it is. And I've tried to tell our audience that yes, we've got to take climate change seriously. We get it. No one wants a bad environment. But look, these fires, it's getting crazy with the far-left and the progressives in this city of LA. Never let a good crisis go to waste. I have preached to folks, most of these fires are bad infrastructure, downed power lines, homeless, whether accidental or or arson fires started. As you mentioned earlier, not the proper brush clearing, not the proper management, the the felling of trees, the discing, the mowing, the plowing. the state does not take responsibility for what they should be doing. And when I keep hearing right after the fires in January, I still hear heard some people on the left saying, "Well, the climate change, see, it just makes me enraged because we've got to be in this together." And when you have a politicized sort of um legal ease about it, you're not going to get anywhere. Uh I I didn't I didn't mean to jump in and editorialize, but I don't know how we're going to change that narrative in this city. There's got to be a common sense approach to all of this. Monica, I I agree with you wholeheartedly. The uh political affiliation uh we don't have them affixed to people's residences. The reality is is that we are all affected by the devastation that occurs and whether or not uh you know it doesn't matter what neighborhood you live in. I understand the incredible emotion and the devastation that these events cause. it uh it elicits a lot of fear and uh I you know sadly I I'm just so well rehearsed in all of this uh and and well practiced as is my staff. But I will tell you being that rehearsed and being that practiced is what I think helped us save uh those horses, help my community go into action and people knew exactly what to do. And I remind everybody that again, you know, we have we are sadly just wolffully underresourced when it comes to our fire personnel. A city of 4 million has roughly 3,500 firefighters spread across over 460 uh square miles of city. You meet with so many people, Monica, so many residents. You've talked to so many f you've talked with so many folks since January. What are some of the residents telling you? What what are they sharing with you? all the folks you talked to, you know, a lot of folks are still just trying to figure out how they're going to rebuild. Uh where do we go from here? Obviously, our city is in incredible fiscal crisis and so uh I'm focused on that and helping to make sure that we can continue to sustain uh fundamental city services and and uh protecting Angelinos and giving them the services that they deserve and making sure that our city is well prepared for the next big catastrophe. So um and you know some of the large scale events that are going to be coming as well. So we have a lot to look forward to but people are concerned I think financially uh and because of uh the you know circumstances at the federal level there's a lot of fear out there. So I think there's uh it has not been a slow start to 2025. So I think it's been uh pretty dynamic and volatile for a lot of people. Dynamic and volatile indeed. in our final 30 seconds. What is your opinion, Monica, of the lawsuit or lawsuits that have been filed againstce SoCal Edison? Well, I think you know obviously uh rateayers are going to be impacted by these uh by these lawsuits, but again much like any other uh utility or or uh public a entity, uh the reality is is that we have an obligation to prioritize safety for uh properties and lives. And you know, as I said, Hurst fire was uh estimated to also be caused by power lines associated with Edison. and I I just want to make sure that people are held accountable and that they're doing their job responsibly. Thank you, LA City Councilwoman Monica Rodriguez. I appreciate uh you being here for this interview. Of course, thank you for having me. And now joining us to further the discussion is attorney Ari Freriedman. Ari is a law partner at Los Angeles's Whisner Bomb, which earlier this year filed a lawsuit against mega power company Southern California Edison for what Ahri and Wisner Bomb claim is an energy company that in their words is substantially to blame for the E10 fire. Ari, thank you so much for being here. Of course, David, thank you for having me. Uh, first question, Ari. Um, you say SoCal Edison is substantially to blame for the eaten fire according to the lawsuit. I I read through some of it due to a pattern of what you say is neglect, mismanagement, and if I believe I'm not mistaken, a legacy of repeated failures to address known risks of the aging, dangerous infrastructure despite repeated warnings from regulators," end quote, so to speak. Can you elaborate and share all the details with us? Sorry. It was documented both uh through uh just home video, people in, you know, on their cell phones and uh fixed in place cameras at a gas station that the fire began right underneath one of Edison's towers in Eaton Canyon. So, we knew very early on that the fire was there and almost immediately in the subsequent days, it became obvious that there were problems with their energy grid network with faults being reported around the same time that these uh this these fire outbreaks were being documented. So, we were fairly confident at the time that we filed that we we knew Edison had something to do with the start of the fire. And judging from the history of what we know about Edison in previous fires like Thomas, like Woolseie, uh we know that their equipment is often not managed effectively to the point where they they put safety of the community really at the top of their list. So when we filed, we we had a strong belief that we would be able to prove that it was Edison's equipment that started this fire. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, and correct me if I'm wrong, um your Wizner bomb law office, since didn't you represent the hundreds of families in the 2018 campfire, as you mentioned, now yeah, that the Woosey fire was 2018, right? And now you've got the Eden fire. So detail more for us. So who are you representing exactly? What kind of damages are you seeking? You know, what kind of compensation, whatever you can share with us about the logistics of the lawsuit againstce. That's right. We represent the individuals, the businesses, the property owners who were all affected by the fire, either uh burned down entirely, suffered smoke damage, business interruption losses. And we've done this uh like you said, from the campfire to Woolseie uh and other fires in between. And really what we're seeking for is to help not only replace the value, the hard money value, the economic loss that these people suffered, but also to help compensate them for their evacuation losses, for the heartaches and the stresses that go along with losing your lifelong home. These types of things can be compensible in a lawsuit. And what we found in these times is that many of the homeowners, many of the people are critically underinsured. So also as sort of a pillar in the community to help people rebuild, these lawsuits have helped bridge the gap between say their insurance money and their total loss. Because when when people have insurance, you know, they can they can maybe absorb a loss of part of a home or damage to part of the home. But when we see entire communities being erased like we do in these massive wildfires, construction costs go up, labor costs go up, the cost of rebuild to goes goes up, and people are finding themselves struggling to be able to get back what they lost. If I'm not mistaken, you're saying that SE consistently prioritized, you know, the profit margins over public safety. You alluded that a little bit earlier. What are you saying exactly? Obviously, it's a scathing accusation. Obviously, when anybody says, you know, profits over people, delve more into that for us. Many people don't understand that Edison at its core is a for-profit company. They are what's known as an investorowned utility. They are not run by the city or the county, but they are there to generate a profit. And there's a constant tension when when we see these wildfires between Edison needing to deliver a profit for their shareholder versus uh keeping their equipment up to up to, you know, upgraded, maintaining their network, uh keeping things running efficiently. And and there is a question to be had and a question uh that we all can ask in our communities, in our society about whether or not that tension can actually exist while keeping our communities safe. And that's something we need to keep in mind because Edison is there to make a profit. So rather than say uh you know what we saw for example in previous fires you take Woolseie there was a belief that they ran what they do is they run their equipment to failure. Most people think of like a light bulb. You know nothing wrong with running it to failure. You plug it in and when it when it pops you pull it out and you replace it. But when that piece of equipment is a high voltage transformer that when it pops can burn down an entire community, the analysis needs to change. And that's one tension that we we just see time and time again. Unfortunately, not being resolved in the favor of the homeowners. What is involved? The SoCal Edison says, "Hey, the aging structure is old. We have downlines. We've got this wrong, that wrong." I mean, there is a process. Correct me if I'm right. They can't just say, "Hey, let's spend $10 billion and go fix this tomorrow." I mean, I don't know if it's that easy, per se. That's a great point to sort of talk about their infrastructure. It it is a complicated network that they need to manage and maintain, but again, it's something they are capable of doing. The technologies, the things that they can do to to harden their their grid, to make things more robust, they're not unknown. They don't need to be invented. They are things Edison can put into place and especially when we look back historically for example Edison had a lot of problems uh upgrading a lot of their electrical poles and they knew they had to do it. They knew those poles were aging out. They took money to replace those poles but just lag behind in the speed that they were able to do it. So when we look at what it takes to really make sure electricity is delivered safely, the reality is Edison can do it. You take the eaten fire for example, we we had advanced notice that there was going to be a severe wind event long before uh the fire broke out. Yet for some reason these lines, you know, this area remained energized. And so, you know, and the rest is is known. We we we we see the fault data come through. we see them report that to the CPU. So we have to balance things that you know the the challenges facing Edison are not insurmountable and they have the ability to make sure they deliver power uh safely and effectively. It seems every few weeks there's a new lawsuit being lobbyed againstce SoCal Edison um County of Los Angeles recently what was it the Pasadena school district uh I'm not exactly sure don't quote me uh your lawsuit others help our audience differentiate or at least for me what is the difference in all of these lawsuits how are they how how are they separated out generally speaking they're just going to be differentiated by who the client was and what their losses are claiming. Uh, a homeowner claim, for example, is going to seek the value of their lost home. The county of Los Angeles is obviously going to be seeking the damage of their property and infrastructure, but also the attendant costs that come along with dealing with a post- wildfire scenario. You've got cleanup, you've got road damage, you've got runoff and erosion prevention. You've probably got workers uh having to pull overtime duty. uh Pasadena school district is most likely seeking similar damages, loss of their schools, loss of their equipment, but also the attendant costs that come along with that in terms of cleanup and replacement and making sure uh they are providing the services that are needed in the community. So they're different in the sense that they're seeking uh uh compensation, seeking justice for different aspects of their claim, but they're united in the sense that everyone is looking at Southern California Edison as being the one responsible. when you Ari Freeman when your office whizzner bomb does its let's say intel gathering as to the cause of the fire because obviously you have to have your own data and intel how do you separate out whether it's what the left likes to say climate change or others say is down power lines or infrastructure or homeless or winds or there's so many different variables and you know you've got to put all this together in a lawsuit. That's right. And we always have to be cognizant of all those consideration and factors. There's a little bit of a balancing act. I personally don't give a lot of uh credence to this idea of global warming. We've known about global warming for decades. We've known about changing weather patterns for decades. So the question isn't whether or not this was caused by global warming, but the question is really how has Edison responded to these changing weather patterns? have they made the appropriate changes to their policies, their procedures, their inspections to compensate for that fact? Uh when we look, you know, when we look at other considerations, you mentioned homeless encampments. Uh we will have to consider those things. It could be a possibility. Personally, I hiked up to the towers after the after the wildfire. Uh I could not imagine anybody stumbling into this area pre-w wildfire. This was not an easily accessible area. It was a significant hike just to get to these towers. So again, after doing that, it's easy easier for me to look down and say the likelihood of a homeless person being up there and starting a fire did not seem very credible. But again, the the biggest portion of a lawsuit that we spend will be on the investigation and trying to determine exactly what happened and why. So really, the lawsuit starts when we believe we have enough information to allege that Edison was responsible and to start the process of actually getting all the facts and data to prove it. And in our final 30 seconds, what is the final message are you have for our viewers, whether it's about the lawsuit or the fires or prevention or anything that you can or want to share with us. You know, I want I I think with these this fire, the Eaton fire and the Palisades fire especially, I think the communities in our state need to be aware that fire is a real risk and we need to have movement from the grassroots level to make sure that our legislatures, our legislature and our government entities are making sure that power is being delivered safely. And at its core, we all need to be aware that that this is a known risk that we have to compensate for in the management of our electricity and that we can't just allow companies to continue to generate profit and put us all at risk without making sure that this electricity is being delivered safely. And I hope SCCE grants my request for an 


Actor Dennis Quaid talks evacuation experience during Palisades Fire
Jan 11, 2025
https://youtu.be/oq700dkP4h0
You're the college not too long ago. Do you have a new location or and you're with someone I'm going to walk with you, if that's what you're looking at is a resident and a familiar face who is, like so many 1000s of people right now, trying to get everything out of their home and trying to clear everything out. This is Academy board nominated actor and one of my nominated actor and one of my favorite, terrific man all the way around. This is Dennis Quaid. Hello, everybody. Los Angeles on Tuesday. This woke up at this big plume of smoke, and then that was a really exciting day. As far as here in Dallas, it happened when today it was it came within 150 yards the house. And these guys with their planes came down, but they're down there in this helicopter pilot. They're incredible what they do. And I can't say enough about the firefighters. They're the first responders in this town. We got some good ones, good people here, and we're fighting as hard as we can to save our city. Gosh, I never throw it say that, but that's what's going on when you were forced to get out. How quick was it for Dennis? Wait? Well, we were on the very edge of the first evacuation zone, which that was the palisade fire. And we've had it lucky. I have so many friends have lost my agent. He lost both of his houses. Another good friend over the Palisades. He just moved into a house, and he was renting the other one, and he lost both of them. What do you do? I mean, just to rebuild. He starts to think about how many takes put house together, and then you can't really hold it in your mind. I think that's a thing that kind of keeps the same a little bit kind of a blessing, and I have to think about all that stuff. So you took off, right? Yeah, at the house. I got my wife and kids to the hotel and stuff, and came back, just a case, you know, shut off the gas and all those little things you don't think of. And just thought maybe I can be there and put a hose on a roof at the ever start coming over, at least something like that, or help out the neighbors and somebody there till till dark on Wednesday. And I thought we were through it, but, you know, because they they stopped it right then and there, and the winds died down, but hopefully tomorrow, glad this thing laid down, not that. Because if it takes up, man, it could take out Brentwood, you know, just roaring down here to get your head around that. Considering this in January, the fire that's already taken out the Palisades, Google thought, you know, we like it. We've all had a really big lesson that our experience of reality can change in a moment, you know. And that's something that we just have to, like God, handle, that's and, you know, I think there's, there's a spiritual awakening on the other side of this, because it's going to make us all wiser and more compassionate. You know, you brought up something about, you know, we talked about, a lot of the people in the air, in the business live in your campus live in this area, agents and directors and actors such as yourself. There will be a moment, Dennis, where Hollywood is going to need to respond, to rebuild, to this area and to come together. This is going to be, you know, a clearing call for you and for your community, for Hollywood to step up, for Hollywood and all the businesses, the dry cleaners, the grocery stores, you know, the gardeners that work in this area, all the construction workers. You know your convenience store, your gas station, it's, it's all of us for all Hollywood, if you want to say that, because that's, that's, you know, everybody wants to come here, and it's a great community when we come together. And I know we can do it. Such a call sentence quite saying we're doing this together, it's like, Let's get together everybody. We're gonna do it. What else we gonna do? We don't have much of a choice. Yeah, we don't have much of a choice emotionally, you know, I can say that this is trauma. Exciting for you. The latest Trump. Hey, it's just things in the end, you know, it's about to the people around you. Luckily, the death always been low so far, and I hope it stays that way, but it's baby. Thank you so much. So you got a little help here? Yeah, so you're moving. I'm confused. My daughter stuff, she didn't have a chance. She went to school, so she's 17. Yeah, she does, yeah, she's her school is still here, and so is my sons, and we're lucky. Yeah, you got out of time. House is still standing right now. You're not going back in. This is not dense, saying we're gonna try sneak our way back in. No, you won't get the way of what they trying to do out there. We just went out there, and I never seen so many fire engines all in a row. There was past like 50 at least, and they're just one after the other, and I guess they hit it with water and then come down, and they're all lined up down here now. So we're making a stand. Get through this. Did you have charm? Was there? So you refer to me the third person too. Okay, passports, medicines and my daughter's passport, stuff. They've been they've been police, been escorting people up here all day. There's also people up here all day. And there's also people who have not evacuated as well. And so they were kind enough to, you know, I went up in a truck with a with a firefighter. So I have to say, I watched, I watched you. Before you came over tonight, you talked about the firefighter from San sermon. And we very grateful. They were very helpful. They tried to help all these people that had lined up here. These are the guys that are running in. Everybody else is running out. And we're lucky that we have them. And they our moms notice, we'll do it, but their lives online. Words, my friend, you want to give any comfort? To your fellow neighbors, your man looking and the people, the 1000s of people that affected whether they lost home force to evacuate or fear in the wild reserve. Power of prayer is very powerful, and I would recommend that. And I'm praying for all of you, and you're all praying for me, then we're that's a powerful thing. It really is. We're in this together. Is that the bottom mind together, because we are doing this together, right? Dennis, we already is. I promise. I will skip all that. But thank you for finding levity in what has been very carpet, isn't it? Let's let him load up. I want to say as you watch him, guys and we won't look for your bags, Dennis, we're all inclined to see what's in the truck, in your car. Oh, man, it's nice just to smile for a second, isn't it? I want to know that. I want to know that the firefighters are from San Ramon, helping Dennis, and I wanted to try now be serious, okay, I want you to know that they were firefighters. They have just arrived from Northern California, from from Washington State, Mercer Island. Yeah, wow. Mercer Island. They were 400 guys camped out immediately with this mutual aid over here, politics, forget all that stuff. There's things like this that cause unity jeans. So, you know, listen, as we're on Friday night, and you know, this is, it's just one of the people that's a middle pending with the residents here, of course, west of Los Angeles, Pacific Palisades, medical, as you hear, a lot of people, you know, the entertainment industry, live in this area. And as den said, it doesn't matter all we're all Hollywood today. We're all Los Angeles, and we're all one community. And unfortunately, we're not all one big car. So I am, my Michael Cas, I feel like I should help. I mean, like a man paintings, I guess I could take the I guess I could take his jeans. I don't know. I mean, like I said, they're trying. Okay, okay, well, listen, so this is what we're doing. Here is where man All jokes aside, and it's nice to smile, and it's nice to to be able to watch Dennis Quaid try to do something that he's not gonna be able to do, which is, not gonna be able to do, which is try fit two hamper the 17 year old daughter's clothes in two Mercedes. But man, Bill is they've lost power here. Their power lines down. There was an active fire fight here. They turned the power off on purpose, because, you know, they don't the lines to press another fire. They fall down. They turn the power lines off on purpose. Sources say, residents say, and I think you wanna go to everybody. If you like everybody. If you know where your gas line is when you get evaluated, the quick release, turn off your gas before you leave, before you leave, before I leave. Would you like to would you like to say anything to our viewers, NBC, four that have been following, you know, big fan, I'm there with a today show every day. You got great weather, great news, great and as are we laughing. Thank you, my friend. Be safe, you know. And again, it's nice when you're like him and you like the rest of us, and you spend the day bit biting your fingernails and worrying about your own home and your neighbors homes and strangers homes. And you see what you've witnessed here. You know, you come upon people you know, who just you know. I think venezue may have positive attitude, and I think it's the activity moving forward and moving forward tonight we, you know, we have a fire that is making people now even more nervous, as a fire that pushes East Mandy, Bill Canyon. It was led before powers off. As you heard about us, they may turn the power off. There was a fire fight up here, and we did mention Colleen and Michael the lineup of trucks that were here, and it was a considerable lineup. These guys were just terrific. They said, We're just in from Washington. They just arrived from the drive, and they are here now. And I just want to check, can you see out the back window, because I don't want to have to work. Oh, my, wait a second. Can I just say, excuse me, we have not met the star of the show. So can you guys say photographers? Okay, Dennis, you didn't mention the star here. Oh, she was in dispos This is my star. It says beaches. Yeah, keep an eye on please turn your winter pipes on. Beat your car covered with Ashley. Take us. No day. This is not Montana. I'll see you later. Bye, Dennis, take it. Thank you. So there you have celebrities, Tally and Michael, they're people just like us. And you know, and it's fair just to sort of talk about the fact there have been a number of celebrities that we know that have lost arms, number celebrities who have been evacuated. And it is important to know that there will be a time, and we will see it during the award season, and we'll see in the coming months. We'll see in the coming years that you know, people that have a platform will be able to use this to be able to call and remind people that this is going to be a very long procedure for our community to be rebuilt, and we're going to do it and do it together. But as we leave you, there's firefighters I talked about the best ride from Washington, told me that they were waiting for their marching orders, and they have gotten their marching orders, and they are right. Now trying to hit this fire before it spreads any farther east. We're live here at Mandeville and sunset. I'm Robert Costa. Let's go back to Robert. Thank you for that brief interlude of levity. I think we all needed that. We did. We needed it, didn't we? Colleen, didn't we just needed it. And you know what? It's just something that I think you know for all of us. That's the reason why some. 


West Virginia native describes evacuation from California wildfire
Jan 9, 2025
https://youtu.be/ih6yZbpTKu4

 some flakes at times. >>all right, brandon, thanks so much. you know, you talk about our frigid is terrible impact on those california wildfires. it's those winds that have been some points yesterday, up to 100mph. in some areas. it's just fanning the flames in so many of those fires. several of burning and they are engulfing portions of los angeles county. >>yeah that's right. and at least five people are dead. over 100,000 residents are also under evacuation. evacuation orders across los angeles county, five major wildfires also now. the palisades fire was reported tuesday that we talked to you about. it had burned over 17,000 acres, with 0% of that fire contained can see that footage right there of just how those just completely destroyed from those flames. our very own reporter, daniel burbank, charleston native doctor, alan weiner, who had to leave his home because of the fires. >>doctor alan weiner, thank you so much. >>now you're born and charleston, west virginia. how long have you been in california now? since 1973. so quite a time. yes, 52 years, almost, but still a west virginian at heart. and so i just, i just at heart, i how doing? how how is the past 24 hours been, you know, getting away from the palisades and just kind of walk me through how everything has been? well, it's scary, of course. you're constantly watching an app or tv or in our case, my son matt, who is the ceo of a company called mega fire action, who calls us also with updates. so things started yesterday, probably at noon, and you can see the fire from your house off in the distance towards the ocean. then you say to yourself, doesn't make its way towards us. but little by little by up doing just that. so by 9:00 last night, we were trying to make our to house or leave. when edison, the power company, turned our power off. so we definitely decided, let's go. when, when when the power went off and and you all had those, you know, go sort of thing. i mean, what what was running through your mind as to what to what to grab and where to go? well, and go before we we've this isn't the only fire. so both my wife, carol and i get out our suitcase, and in there goes. medicines. my laptop, our history of family pictures are now on. flash drives. have to worry so much about that. we have a brown box that we call that has precious stuff. so. passports, things like that. so we are generally ready when it comes to emergencies. good, good. and it's, you know, car just in case we need to. and lo and behold, we thought, let's not risk it. let's just get in the car and go to a hotel. and it wasn't so easy one room, weren't the only ones thing. but find a room at a hotel. you all had to switch hotels at one point. this this is now the second hotel that you all are in, right? yes, yes. last night was a hilton, but it was too close to the fire, which i think maybe they're calling the sylmar fire. and so we and my son again called and said, you better go because it looks like it's heading that way. so this morning at 11 a.m., we checked out. we did the not from getting to our was great. and we got a few more things. threw them into a garbage back of the car and took off for the next hotel. now you all. we moment ago. you do have fire something california fair plan. so you end up getting insured by the fair plan and by a secondary insurer. it's a little bit like medical insurance. okay. yeah, stories on on other, you know, affiliates out there where they say, you know, some people had insurance canceled and that sort of thing, but do you all know what what what the house looks now? is there any danger to it at this point? no. as for right now, while mild danger, everything is okay so far and we has not been given a mandatory evacuation order. it's a voluntary evacuation. have you been checking on, you know, friends and family? you know, because some of these very tight knit, right? yeah, yeah. i mean, we've we on top of everything that's people know here. and i have gotten both of us have gotten so many texts from friends back in west know we haven't felt so loved in a long time. is there anything that you want to add, you that we didn't as to what what the next 48, 72 hours will all? well, to be in this hotel until the fire service indicates that fire under control. and we can go back. that may be tomorrow, but we've got the room reserved for tonight and tomorrow. interestingly enough, we have a wedding to go to on friday, so we've made sure to have our wedding clothes hotel room in case that wedding comes feel so bad for the people that are throwing that wedding, because a lot of people invited to it were fire they've had to cancel the wedding because they're all fighting fires. right. but, you know, my advice to anyone who goes through these things is to be prepared to the extent that you can, and try to keep your wits about you. it's so easy to get nervous and the people around you, the way they drive up and down the street and it's you not only have to worry about yourself maintaining your composure, but everybody all right? i in your 50 years of experience of being out there in, in california, have you ever seen the palisades fire? i mean, have you ever seen a fire grow and have that intensity that quickly before? i know we've seen a fire grow and have intensity. we have never experienced the area around the palisades having a fire. those people, those neighborhoods, they're incredibly wealthy people. i don't know that they ever experienced or expected that they would see their houses going up in flames. i just saw that there's an area there called the village, a little shopping area. and to imagine that that is now gone, it just blows me away. it's. and then, of course, a lot of people in your profession stop street and say, how are you feeling? and they it's heartbreaking. >>all right. i want to thank that extended interview there. and i think one thing that we can take away interview is the fact that they were so prepared know ahead of time what they're taking. and i think a lot of people in our way, too, with the natural disasters that we experience here, whether it's high waters or winds, things like that, to have on hand, you know, what you're taking or grabbing quickly. i think a lot of people need to prepare in any situation, have that point of escape and things like that. but for your pets too. one of the videos that i social media last man running into the fire to get a rabbit that was running frantic, paws were burnt, but he was own life just to go out in the fire and poor little rabbit got, you know, was taken care of 

I Was Evacuated from the LA Fires
Jan 13, 2025
https://youtu.be/1agk_MfSoQM

at 4:00 a.m. on Wednesday morning last week I got a message on my phone along with a bunch of blaring alarms saying that we need to do evacuate which was a very novel experience if you don't know why and you haven't been looking at the news at all there's been a lot of fires in LA because of a wind storm that occurred last Tuesday so on Tuesday we had you know batten down the hatches you know tried to clean up bring stuff in from outside uh prepare for the Windstorm because the Windstorm was unprecedented it was going to be intense and there was a danger of fire during this wind event um and it just so happens that the Palisades uh caught on fire and then another fire on the opposite side of town uh closer to where I am called the eaten fire broke out after that and so that fire quickly uh got out of control I could actually see it which was a very weird experience you know out my window I could see the fire but yeah that that's what it was and the night before when we saw the fire we were of the Mind that we needed to be prepared to go which is exactly what you're supposed to be doing whenever you have a fire in the area you have your GO bags ready you have uh the the most important belongings in there so you can just grab the bag and you can Chuck it in your car and you can get out because if a fire is coming especially with Winds of this intensity you need to get out immediately and so we were prepared to do that um and we were watching listening to the news big shout out to uh watch Duty the app I only found out about it last week but that was instrumental in getting information about where to go and where the fire was and what was happening on a minute-to-minute basis but yeah so we had to evacuate and that was last week and so we only got back uh they lifted the evacuation order only a few days ago so we got back in just a couple days ago and the fire didn't do any damage to my place uh but the Windstorm still uh had damage left over that wasn't able to be cleaned because everyone had to evacuate so I actually spent most of the the past couple days um with my chainsaw and I was going up and down the street just cutting down trees and trying to get them out of the road because I didn't imagine that there was going to be a lot of access to cleanup Crews or they were already going to be stressed um and the cleanup in the places that actually have been affected by the fires hasn't even begun yet because there's another Windstorm that's uh that their showing is going to happen later on Tuesday evening I think it was a early morning Wednesday or late Tuesday depending on like when it lands um and that's going to go until Wednesday evening I think and it's going it's not going to be as strong as a previous wind event but it's going to be pretty intense which is you know having back toback storms like this I think they said there's only been five uh warnings of this level in this area um ever and so the fourth and fifth were within a week of each other and so that's um that's concerning for many other reasons uh there is definitely a risk of more fires after this Windstorm coming up in a couple days and they could uh erase a lot of the progress that is being made on containing the fires that are in LA right now so this is not a situation that's over just yet there's still a lot um to do to clean up and one of the most important things is after the fires have been taken care of and put out there's going to be months and months and months of recovery efforts and rebuilding efforts and there's going to be a lot of shitty people trying to take advantage of the people who have been displaced or their houses have burned down because a lot of you know a lot of people when they think of La they just think like oh that's where all the celebrities are that's where all the the rich people in the Palisades they they had their houses burned down but it's you know La is an extremely large and diverse city with a ton of history and a ton of places in it uh that all fall under the umbrella of you know what's being affected by these fires um Altadena specifically is a very old neighborhood with a lot of really deep history that I can't even touch the surface of uh in this little informational blur that I'm making here but I can only imagine what's going to happen uh afterwards there's about 5,000 homes they think they haven't been able to confirm yet but there's estimated 5,000 homes that are completely gone unrecoverable like the only thing left standing is a a chimney I'm sure you've seen some pictures uh but seeing it firsthand is completely different I mean it's just heartbreaking you know you hear stories of people that have been in their homes for you know or had their homes in their family for like a hundred years um and it was you know passed down or there's deep history in it or they've been building a business for 20 40 years and it's just gone you know the other thing that brings a tear to the eye is the amount of Goodwill that's been pouring out of the community the amount of people that have donated to relief shelters the amount of animal shelters and people that are fostering pets right now and and the people that are willing to lend a hand it's it it truly is heartwarming in a way that I I very rarely see in a community come together not only are people like all across the country trying to contribute but even here donation centers have to turn away people from donating things because they are overflowing with materials and supplies for the people affected by the fires they are literally stuffed to the brim and uh you know and I we went down to donate uh what we had and we tried to figure out which ones they needed um but as we got there there was a line wrapped around the block of cars just trying to get in there and drop things off they had an army of volunteers at the the donation center that we were at even we thought it was a small one this is like small comparable to like the Rose Bowl where there was basically an army camp set up just to help people like it was beautiful um and so we donated what we could you know it's just like they couldn't take everything that we had just because they had so many or they were prioritizing different things so that is good that is really good I know there's a lot of you out there that probably want to help and uh one of the things that I have put in the description is a tiltify campaign um that was set up for uh La Wildfire relief let me just uh review which ones uh that they are fundraising for so this is supporting the LA fire department the California fire Foundation the world Central Kitchen baby to baby and core which stands for Community organization relief effort um and so this fund is going to all those organizations which provide direct help to people on the ground uh for this but the most important thing for me is that after there's going to be a lull in attention that's why I want to make sure that it's prioritized that the rebuilding effort in these areas that have burned down especially in Altadena are done in a way that is not predatory to the people that had those houses or had that land right and you can only imagine that some conglomerate or some company is going to swoop in try to offer the these these properties that are no longer existing for pennies on the dollar so they can scoop it up and try to build whatever the hell they want to build to exploit the the area and that's exactly what I don't want to happen um so I'm going to find ways to get involved personally I don't have any resources to tell you guys how to get involved in that but that's just something that I want to do because you know it's very easy to forget you know once once the urgency and the emergency is over you know it it's it's very hard to sustain the effort of building the more motivating thing for me is to kind of put some purpose into it some purpose into helping the people in the long term which is the harder thing to do it is the harder thing to help over a long period of time because other things will happen across the country and the world that'll need attention um but right now I'm here I was right next to it you know I was lucky enough that you know my house is okay who knows in a week the wins might pick up I might not be so lucky but right now you know I see what's happening and I I can see what might happen in the future and I can see the need that's there so I'm going to do something about it as soon as I figure out the best way that I can help even if it's just getting out of the way or even if it's just advocating or even if it's just you know picking up a hammer trying to help rebuild I'll do whatever I can so anyway this is more of an update to tell you where I am because I don't think anybody actually knew that I had to evacuate it was so fast and so early in the morning that you know there wasn't any time to prepare or plan and whatever we planned for and prepared for happened I have a lot more stories to tell about this because it was a it was a quite a journey um of watching all this unfold and seeing the new fires crop up and wondering if they were going to spread or be contained um and then seeing the heroic efforts of all the firefighters and all the people coming together um it was it was uh it was crazy this past week um but it's more than I can tell in an update video so I'm going to leave it at that uh thank you everybody so much for caring about me asking about me I'm fine CH and Henry and Amy are fine uh we're all good and we were lucky but the important thing to remember is that some people weren't so um there's a link in the description to the fundraiser and then I will look into ways that I can help uh pretty much the only way I've been able to right now is just driving around with a chainsaw and uh helping to clean up some of the mess that was left behind so um I know that sounds menacing driving around with a chainsaw but later on I'll tell you about how I the police stopped by and asked me what I was doing um nothing nothing came out of it I wasn't arrested or anything but I realized how weird it was anyway I'll I'll I'll tell that story later that doesn't matter but anyway I'm going to uh get to work there's there's still a ton of cleanup to do I don't think I'll be able to get back to regular videos um anytime soon because I got to see how this Windstorm is going to play out uh and that'll change things if it causes any more problems or starts any new fires that that's going to you know we just got to see how that goes so uh but I'm taking care of it and I've got a plan and a lot of backup plans to make sure that things um I don't know things in my life anyway are as safe as they can be so thank you I'll let you know when I have more information okay bye 

California Fires: Historic Black community devastated by Eaton Fire

Jan 13, 2025
https://youtu.be/6E8MIOXl2jE

downtown, sending it back to the studio. Marla. Yeah. The message was loud and clear by many people there. All right, Laura, thank you so Now we take you to the Eaton Fire disaster zone that's in Altadena. And many of the homes there have been owned by African Why did they live there? Well, they were because of redlining. They were excluded from nearby cities like Glendale and La Hirasuna live with their story. Susan. Well, we're in Pasadena right now, Alex. And that's because we needed better connectivity. But more about the community of Altadena. It is an unincorporated area of the county. Excuse me. And back in the 70s, after the civil rights movement. After after President Johnson passed the Fair Housing Act, there became a migration into Altadena. That's because once you have one family there, then others follow, right. Meantime, I want to introduce you to Willie Jackson. He raised his family there. He's got nine grandchildren. He is among those who lost everything. One day at a time. Sweet Jesus, that's all that I ask. Yesterday is gone. And tomorrow may not be mine. 81 year old Willie Jackson is Through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. Jackson made Altadena his home in the 70s when redlining prevented him from buying a home in nearby cities. What redlining does is not allow minorities to acquire loans in designated areas. So if you can't get a loan, obviously you cannot buy the house. And then there are actually cases where the realtors just wouldn't sell you the house. He was among the first to move to Altadena. Eventually, the neighborhood became an enclave for African Americans. By some accounts, Altadena has 80% black homeownership, double the national average. Those homes also symbolize the generational wealth now wiped out in a matter of hours. And I'll take back what the devil stole from me, and I shall rejoice, for I shall recover it all. Jackson vows to rebuild. Of course. I had pictures of my parents. Who? My mother, who provided me with a lot of silverware and other things. Rebuilding will take years, and he might never replace all the instruments and studio equipment that allowed him to perform and stream for the Don Darnell Ministries. Beyond. And Heaven and nature sing. He's hoping that at the very least, he can replace his pro-level Yamaha 88 key synthesizer so he can play again for the congregants. I had a B-3 organ there. I had the big baby grand piano. Then I had all the digital keyboards, and then they were all stacked there. And yeah, I mean, I asked him to be very specific about what he might appreciate, just one thing. And then that's when he mentioned that 88 key synthesizer by Yamaha. Meantime, he did have a lot of fire suppression systems in that house. But it just speaks to 


Eaton Fire devastates historic Black community in Altadena
Jan 13, 2025
https://youtu.be/6pF084NESuU

so residents of Altadena are mourning the loss of more than just homes and structures the eaten fire has wiped away Decades of rich black history and culture in Altadena a town that became a sanctuary for black Americans fleeing the Jim Crow era segregation in the South thousands of family put down Roots there in the 1960s as Altadena was one of the first areas to allow black people to own homes and now Generations are devastated their Beloved Community turned to ashes my next guests are among those who lost everything in Altadena Stefan Taylor and his wife Arion have been living in a historically black neighborhood for many years and just lost their home they're currently staying in a hotel in Burbank with their three kids as they try to figure out what to do next Stefan and Arion join me now boy guys I well you're still smiling which is absolutely remarkable um I guess let me start there where the heck does that come from Stefan you know God has a plan and so I'm just grateful that we have our family the five of us um my my my wife's grandparents their earn some love letters that they WR wrote to one another and a letter that our seven-year-old wrote to her grandparents that's what we have the rest of the memories can be replaced and our property can be restored so I'm happy this is opportunity to start all over again right where we left off wow and Arion just just listening to your husband describe what you were able to to save including your seven-year-olds letter um you know how are you talking to your kids about this tell me the conversations you're having as a family I mean they must be we're adults right we learn how to sort of handle things differently but your kids are are young 14 11 and seven yeah um we've always been really big on you know we tell it you know we tell the story or we talk about we don't want things we want experiences life is about experiences so we've been talking to our kids like this is an experience not all experiences are going to be great um but life takes us where we're supposed to go um we're not exactly sure where that road is going to lead us but that's where where this road is going to lead us but it's we're going to be together so we're talking about that you know they don't have their school right now they lost their school as well and so we talk to them about they have a chance to have Community together we'll make that for them and we're going to get through this experience together and Stefan this home of yours has been in your family for Generations just tell us about the Altadena Community the culture the history that makes it so special especially for your family yeah so this home we've actually only been in for a little less than a decade um we had an opportunity because of you know my wife and I were fairly successful to move into a gator Community but my childhood home um which is about two miles from this home is actually still standing so we lost the new home my childhood home is still standing so I've been in the area for 40 years 43 this year um and so for 40 years I'm like driving past my mother's home which is still standing and then get into our home which is gone there all of the homes between my mom's home and my home seem like they're gone and that's where it really really hurts um the property we lost again can be replaced the memories that we have on figuroa and Lincoln are gone Harriet and far Oaks gone you know even the liquor stores that we probably shouldn't have been in when we were kids those memories are done so you know that but the families are still there the community is is I don't want to say unfazed but I've gotten more phone calls from friends from 20 and 30 years ago and we're all asking each other what are we going to do together to rebuild this city you know it's interesting when you talk about the history uh of black families coming to this area because it was the place to rise it was the place to be accepted and now um today in 2025 um you are going through a different type of of struggle but if you look at what already exists the spirit this exists in this community there's there's no other way but to look up and forward yes Arion this community is the strongest Community um it is so diverse it is so loving it is so caring it is so strong there is no place like Altadena we have traveled we have moved and lived in various places um and there's nothing like home so Altadena is not the buildings it is it is the community and that is still there um and and the vi diversity of this community um the strength of this community these family homes that have been here for generations and generations it's the people it's not the buildings it's it's the people there yes go ahead reiterate the fact that you know the roots were in that kind of abolitionist thing but today if you look at Altadena is probably one of the most diverse cities in America I mean families come from various backgrounds social economic status um some folks are in art and entertainment lawyers doctors and then the teachers who live in or work in the community live in the community too it it really has a Mableton f deal with a 2025 you know economic experience it you come to alad and everything that you can imagine from the diaspora of people is in alad and we're all friends which is what makes it really really unique who wouldn't want to live there right when it's history is all about acceptance um this is where I would I would want to be as well and we're going to continue to to watch your community rise again and I I appreciate your time to both of you and and love to the three kids too thank you so much 

Altadena resident describes waking up to the wildfire
Jan 10, 2025
https://youtu.be/zAssSyH1Q2s


joining us now is Claire dilu whose parents lost their home in the Pacific Palisades fire first off Claire thank you so much for speaking with us especially during this time so sorry for what your family is going through how are they doing how are your parents right now they're okay I think everyone's pretty tired uh it was actually my parents lost their house in the eaten fire and my sister lost her house in the Palisades fire how are they holding up I I I would imagine imine that there's this sense of shock they're stunned like where do where do they go from here yeah I I think it's actually um just we've been on with a lot of adrenaline this whole time trying to figure everything out and uh my sister's family fled first on Tuesday from the Palisades to us in Pasadena Altadena and um and then when the fire eaten fire erupted we all fled um lat that night and to a hotel to be together um and then uh we were both evacuated my home is still standing just really Smoky and ashy but they both lost everything I think it's um when the adrenaline wears off the grief will set in I can only imagine tell us of the kind of life that your parents had before this fire the home that they built the the love that was there just what was that what was life like there in that home yeah I think we were really lucky um I'm one of four children so we have a big family with lots of nieces and nephews and cousins and they have a very vibrant strong Community they've been in Altadena Pasadena area for I don't know 50 something years um and they've been in that specific house for 12 or or actually 13 and it's um you know the AL Community is really special it's you know generations and generations and old homes and you really have to want to live there so people take good care of each other um sorry I'm getting a little um this is the first time I think I've really thought about it um it's been a lot of adrenal understand kids safe and keeping keeping their spirits up and um my sister's Bale U my sister was actually out of town when it erupted and I texted her and her babysitter ran to get her son from the school that burned down so they were running when they were trying to get kids on buses to leave and then they fled her husband was in work in Downtown LA so then they um met up and fled and um and then we all thought we'd be safe and then we knew as soon as there was fire in um Eaten Canyon they warned us the night before of horrible winds and we woke up Tuesday morning at about 4:30 or 5 just to things flying everywhere and we knew it was just terrible and the gusts of when were insane trees were coming down everywhere um and it was actually pretty difficult to uh evacuate that night later that night we went and got some things for my parents since pitch black there's no electricity or anything and um we had to really be careful we ran over a lot of trees to get out of there everything had fallen it wasn't just the fire it was the wind event first that really made it challenging that has to be such a frightening moment to wake up Tuesday morning to the fire to the winds having to get your kids out of the house save your lives and in in those moments and for for your sister and for your parents as well were they able to salvage anything from the home were they able to grab any any momentos that in in initially came to mind that they wanted to to keep safe um my sister no they I mean the Palisades fire where it started and where they lived uh and just saving their children and getting them out of the school that was burning basically um they just fled and are lucky to have in one car and that's it they um were able to go back today um or yesterday and um their whole neighborhood I think you've shown real that's probably their neighborhood it's gone completely not a single house standing my parents um because we were paying attention and watching it grow um we went from my house they were at my house we went and helped them gather things um for about 20 minutes and then the Flames were I've lived and seen a lot of Southern California flyers and these Flames were insane they were up the hill sides you can watch them like hundreds of feet and um it looked like it was coming really quickly and the wind just made it scary so we probably had 15 toy minuts we got medications and papers and a couple keepsakes like I just started taking old family photos off the wall um and then you know I think there's regret I think people we would have wanted to go back and water down the house at night because um we didn't know that the water would be gone at 6:00 a.m. so um you know I think we wish we could have tried to save it but um at least everyone's safe and and you know healthy absolutely we are so sorry here at ABC for your for what your family is going through for your parents 50 years they built this life there and for it to be gone it is tragic it is an unimaginable loss and we are so sorry and thank you for taking the time to speak with us and and share with our viewers exactly what's taking place there and how your family is doing we wish you and your family the best on this long road to recovery thank you 


Altadena family of musicians faces devastating losses after California wildfires
Jan 27, 2025
https://youtu.be/TMHIzotH8jc


the California wildfires this month have left the future of the thriving and historic black community of Altadena in doubt the eaten fire killed 17 people and destroyed 9400 structures in the Los Angeles suburb one extended family of musicians lost almost everything even the photos and videos that help shape their story they own dozens of homes but just two survived atast Preston shows us the impact of their losses they're here for healing the eaten fire took nearly everything from the Ben family with no homes no church of their own they found Harmony at this service a staggering loss for the extended family at least 20 homes gone and the generational wealth they fought to build you can feel Oscar and Lauren Ben's Hearts break recalling the moment generations of their family's history was erased there's nothing to di from the reubel so I'm grateful that we have our lives Oscar was at home in Altadena recovering from an illness when his daughter Lauren called from Massachusetts urging her family to flee the fires coming up like it has knives you can hear it you can hear shattering glass his granddaughter treasure is four volcano was fine to put fire in the whole city the volcano put fire to the whole city yeah all my stuff is gone but it's not just stuff these ashes blanket the land six Generations have called home things that remind us of our current past those keep us human that being gone feels inhuman we can never recover the parts of our history that we've earned like many the Benz migrated from the Jim Crow South decades ago Oscar's mother Marie married the man of her dreams and stayed to ra their family why Al TOA you didn't have to worry about them not being served if they went into a restaurant and the 85-year-old is now separated an hour away and I miss my great grandchildren unlike many cities across the country where black families were blocked from buying property Altadena was a safe haven it is amazing what you all were able to accomplish there's so many people who look like us who could not buy homes at that time in fact my name was on a few of them Flames destroyed all three of the homes The Matriarch owned and where music took [Music] root you lost your instruments every one of my instruments I had uh two organs and uh several keyboards about five or six keyboards the music that is integral to our growth just as important as anything else our lifeblood Lauren and her sister Angela are scrambling to find a a long-term rental they're crammed into an Airbnb while the grandmother's insurance claims get settled I cried this morning uh before we went to go look at the other house we just have to stay strong be diligent and continue to love one another a love they say they will lean on as they rebuild there's no plan to sell absolutely not if Altadena changes will you walk away from the land that's been in your family no no we've earned that land and we've our grandmother has done an incredible job of managing a legacy you had mentioned the history that you all had lost we were able to pull up some documents of your family is this your your wife a yearbook photo that's my wife your mother what's going through your mind we don't have this but it brings me hope that it can be found this is a voter registration list from 1960 so years before the Voting Rights Act passed and we found a voter your father right here oh wow right here Mr Oscar Ben W from 1960 wow man that is that's amazing makes you feel like you belong like it makes us feel like we were here right yeah like we don't have to prove that because our house is gone they were here and still are your mother said God is good what has been your prayer God will give us the strength to endure this time of transformation my prayer I believe is is really it's about restoration um I'm hoping that families like ours and our city isn't forgotten like the rubble did not bury their resilience the fire did not silence their voices for CBS mornings Elise Preston aleda California boy Elise thank you for that you hear Little Treasure say all my stuff is gone and then you hear the family's backstory you see six Generations it's so much more than stuff yeah and they left so much behind to go there started a life had a history there uh they they're going to build a new history yeah so much more is needed here 


California Fires: Altadena family's heartbreaking reaction to losing home in Eaton Fire
Jan 9, 2025
https://youtu.be/8ITqXZ4gBog
the Eaton Fire in Altadena, Susan Hirasuna is there and a little a family seems to be there as well. Susan. in Altadena, and this is a friend of mine and her family, and they are she Daisy is coming kids were not really grasping the concept of losing their house. And they insisted. Your older son insisted that he wanted to see all of this. wanted to come back and check his home. He was, you know, we were watching the fire from our window. So he wanted to also see his school and make sure that, you know, everything was there. But he's just he doesn't understand that we lost our home. He was upset. He was crying. But now it's like now. Now what do you think is as you watch them look at this devastation? I mean, it gives me comfort to see their innocence, how they just like, you know, don't understand the concept of pain, of losing things. Like, I thought they were going to take this a little bit harder and difficult, but they, you know, to me, it's just it's sad to see everything that we work for, everything that we built here to just be gone and ours, you know, I see our fruits. It's. When did you when did you feel the need to leave your home? So we were just, you know, regular day watching TV and I didn't even. And then and then the power went out or the power went out. Yeah. And then we and then we were going to get our dad, but he was coming. Then we had power flashlights. They're so good. And they woke us up. Me and my brother up. And then we left our house. And then we didn't realize that our house was going to burn like this. And a lot of stuff that we left in our house, and it's burned, and we had a 3D printer and it was so special to me. And it's going to make me a little sad about I don't know why, but this is what happened to our house, and a lot of stuff that I love is gone. My dad, my dad's, my dad's bicycle right there, and my mom's. My mom's bicycle is here somewhere, and it's. And now it's and everything is broken and it's all lost color and stuff. And these are the only things I have this. Oh, no. And this. Yeah. And it's so sad. And this that I see. A tractor right there. It's just moving. And now your mom told me that you wanted to come and see all of this. Why was that? Because I wanted to check on it and see if it was not broken. And my dad took a video that it was broken. So I went to go see, And we went here for today. So we know what happened. And that was our chimney where Santa comes and now it's gone. Now we can't get presents here anymore. We have to replace this house and have a different house. Yeah, and, Daisy, was it scary for you when you left the house and you weren't sure how the house was going to, and then ultimately did not survive? So I, I saw the fire coming, and then I was like, well, this is getting to come. This is getting to close to us. And my husband was like, no, it's a little far, you know, we should be fine. But then I, I just had a text message from a friend and was like, Daisy, I'm worried. Like, you should just have your car ready to go, pack some stuff, just be ready because you don't know. And I was like, you know, you're right. Let me start charging my phones. Let me start charging everything just in case. And then we had the power outage. They went to sleep because they were just going to sleep. I couldn't sleep, I stayed up and I was just monitor the fire. And when I saw that it was getting closer, I woke them up. But I, I was like, if you guys are going to go to sleep, just make sure you're in close and make sure you're ready to go. And I woke them up and I said, you know what? This is just getting this is not looking good. We got to get out of here. And I grabbed pillows. I grabbed blankets just in case. All the hotels were, like, full. And we needed to sleep in the in the car because I wasn't sure what was going to happen. Yeah. And around like 130 we left. My niece was still in Florida. We were just we just got back from Florida on holiday vacation and she needed to come and grab her stuff. So we kind of like, waited for her to help her grab out and run out of here as quick as we could, because we just saw the fire was going to catch us. Your kids must have had a lot of questions all along. And so now they're here, they're getting some of their questions answered. But on the other hand, what do you think will happen in the next coming days, especially now that they've seen it for their for themselves? So we're going to we're going to send them to Florida so they can stay with my family. My family can at least take care of our kids. And we just kind of have to figure something out here. We're going to see what we're going to do to rebuild. We secure a room until Saturday and we just, you know, we just kind of try to pick up the pieces and see what's next because we don't even know, you know, but we with us from room to room and being houseless. Yeah. You know, we're going to try to find a homeschooling from a distance just to see how they can, you know, they can adjust. And we just here trying to like we just don't know. Yeah. So much that so many questions that are left unanswered. Now, Daisy, I've known you for a couple of years, your children. Can you tell me how old they are? That's Henry that was speaking. He's six years old. And then Lucas, he's. He's five. Henry is six and a half, and. And you were saying, though, that you thought that you were a little worried about the youngest one? I was I was worried, I mean, I guess because they'd seen the tell them and prepare them. They, they didn't understand and they like, when are we going to go back home? I want my toy. And I'm like, we you know, we might not have a home. I think everything burned and I and, you know, we already prepped them to understand that they're going to go to Florida, that we don't have a home. So maybe that's why they're taking things so, so calm. But to me, it's just not I don't have any comfort not, you know, knowing that everything that we built and everything that we had is just gone. We grabbed nothing. I just grabbed one luggage for all of us, you know, for us, for. So I thought we were just going to be able to come back. You just think that it was just going to burn and like, you know, where there's nothing. Yeah, it just burned like 5:00, I actually we have a we had like two like guest areas. So we had another tenant that lives with us. And he decided to stay in a 5 a.m. That's when he let us know that the fire, that's when we knew the high that the house burned, because he let us know that he almost got caught in the fire because the fire woke him up and he ran out. And then my husband received an alarm from his car that the trunk was open and all this stuff. So that's when we knew that the that the house was burning at 5 a.m. Oh my gosh. So have you started the process? Have you contacted insurance? Do you know what that entails? insurance broker. He gave us a lot of information. We submitted a claim, but it's just that that's what we did. We submitted a claim. He did say that I don't any. It's not insured. My husband was the one dealing with that so he would know more. I've just been in so much distress. Just, you know, haven't been able to sleep, I haven't eaten. And are you worried about your kids? And, Keith, do you want to weigh in at all? Like, is this your first time seeing it or did you come? No, I came up yesterday, so I did. I got the major impact yesterday, but it's just devastating. Everything we work for. How long have you guys lived here? That's what, three and a half years, I think. Almost four years now. And. But, you know, in that time period, I know in order to make a home, a house, that you just move into a home. What kinds of things did you do? Well, we've been doing a lot. When we bought the house, it was kind of a fixer upper. We've done a lot of electrical work, we've done plumbing work, we've replaced sewer lines. We've done a lot just to make it more comfortable. We just did the window we replaced replaced all the windows about a month ago and we oh, the AC system too. That was quite of an expense to do all fireproof windows. You know that obviously there's nothing fireproof. You had fireproof windows. So I don't mean to giggle but yeah you okay? Yes. They sell us fireproof windows. And what is it like? There's another term for them, right? With double pane window. Double pane. Yeah, just. But there's no such a thing as fireproof window. When the house is going to burn, it's just going to burn. Yeah, well, it's hard to recognize where anything was. It's just like I see this. The skeleton of the washer dryer that tells me that's the garage, but, you know, and Henry pointed out your bike. Yeah. The exercise bike that was on the deck just kind of dropped towards the deck. Burned, I guess. I think that was the boys room over there, because I can see the AC room. So the boys room was right. Was this one in the corner? Right. The one with the with the AC? Like, this is, was my room, which was your room? This was your room, Henry I think so, because I know I was supposed to be here and over here. Yeah, right by the air conditioner. Yeah. And. You have a desk or L-shaped desk here that their uncle built for them? Fauci John. This is where they had all their toys over here. They had their little playground. You can still see the playground. Yeah, they had a little. And then over there we had a little outdoor setup. No concrete survived. What? We thought we were going to be here forever and ever and yeah, I do too. That's making me a little nervous. Yeah. I hear the gas leak because you don't have a mask, right? I don't have a mask. And there's still some open flame, so I don't know. I think maybe you should gas right here. And it's broken. So the valve is broken to the gas line. We can all smell gas. And there are still some open flames. So I think it's best that we pull out and get a little farther away from the home. It was only when we were closer to the home that we could smell that gas. I feel like I might not be connected anymore. Susan, we still have you to. Susan, can you hear me? Okay, good. Yeah. We're just. We're fine. It's very compelling. So we're letting you do your thing. But it's really an extraordinary. Burn. We only took one vehicle. You only took one vehicle, and you had several. Here. You're telling the car, and then my husband. Car. We just took our car because it was more comfortable and it was bigger. And in case we needed to sleep in the car, then we can, you know, and that's why I didn't want to load up the trunk with a lot of stuff because it didn't really matter. I'm like, let's just take what we need. We'll be back in a day or two. Yeah. You had that kind of optimism. Yeah. This is part of your car. That's my license plate. What's left of it. Yeah. I see red on me right here. Oh. Oh, are you okay? Are you injured? Did you cut yourself? No. Let me. You saw Red, though. That would make me nervous. Have you lived through a fire in this area before, Davey? No. First time. I never experienced anything like this. Like things that you see, but nothing that you feel that will ever, you know, be so close to home. I didn't I didn't think I, close to the mountains, but I, you know, I didn't think we were that, you know, that we would be able to get impact that that much. Well, plenty of people who've lived here much longer than you would say. Oh, yes, we've seen the fire, but it never came through this area the way it So it was it was, it was, it was it was something my husband, you know, because he lived in, you know, by the San Gabriel Mountains. 

Families, firefighters in shock as California wildfires continue
Jan 12, 2025
https://youtu.be/MxcvVGtoYZE

tonight Bill Whitaker is covering the historic La wildfires from the air and from the ground starting in Altadena California the story will continue in a San Gabriel mountains above Altadena Tuesday night it has since devoured more than 7,000 homes and structures in this tight-knit diverse Community making it one of the most Savage firestorms in Los Angeles County's history the death toll is rising wildfires are a fact of life here but nothing prepared people for Destruction on this scale rows of chimneys now stand like tombstones towering palm trees like burned match sticks we found fire Crews still working to contain The Inferno and a dazed Calvin family sifting through the ruins of their homes and their lives this is unreal oh my God houseu zier Calvin and his family have called outad Dina home for three generations just wonder if anything's left the rocking chair for the baby I literally just built all of this Calvin a high school football coach has lived on this block his whole life he has seen a number of wildfires flare up in the Foothills but never in his 47 years had he seen anything like The Firestorm that swept off the mountain this past Tuesday and out of nowhere you see the fire appear across Lake Street and you can see it going up the mountain on our side within an hour for it to move that quickly and that rapidly and for it to shift paths that fast was insane Dina gone bro it's over his son Jamir told us the winds kicked up and power went down across the neighborhood it was like a hurricane just fire no water but like 80 mph plus it felt surreal was the fire like racing down the hill at that point yeah that's what's scary about this it just was shooting like a blowtorch like a blowtorch it was literally just shooting off of the mountain it felt like you're being attacked by a storm yeah my brother as the fire bore down on them zire put his wife baby and mother into the car jir grabbed what he could I'm lucky to even have the little bag of clothes that I have left but as far as trophies memories diplomas everything else just went up in Flames my mom just said it to me she's like everything's gone you mean the books that we have like nothing I'm just like Mom it's all gone all of it every memory all those things are gone we have whatever's left in our heads to rebuild with all of us gone this fire in Altadena was just one of eight destructive wildfires that lay Siege to Los Angeles this past week with almost no rain for 8 months hillsides and backyards were bone dry Prime to burn investigators are still trying to determine how the fire started but whipped by ferocious Santa Ana winds those blazes roared down city streets and spread like a deadly virus no place seemed immune neighborhoods not engulfed in flames were blanketed by smoke and Ash wealth and Status offered no protection affluent Pacific Palisades was first to fall thousands of structures were destroyed thousands of people were forced to flee the conditions that night were unbearable it was a devil wind that came out you know that extreme Santa Ana wind condition Anthony is chief of the LA County Fire Department one of the officials overseeing the firefight he told us the devil winds hurled Embers far ahead of the fire like snowfall from Hell Embers like this are transported in the Smoke column and and P down wind or bigger so this is being blown by the winds thousands and thousands of burning embers this size and bigger being transported by that wind and that smoke column Chief says fires normally run uphill but with these winds was pushed downhill into these neighborhoods and sending these Embers right blocks if not miles ahead and and the Embers were being generated not only by the brush on the hillsides but by the homes that are burning when the life-threatening winds started building told us he called up extra Crews and engines but the fires grew too big too fast demand for water overburdened the system water pressure dropped and fire hoses ran dry while the fires raged we hear that people were complaining that there wasn't enough water or wasn't enough water pressure MH was that a a factor so the water system was stretched Metropolitan water systems are not designed to sustain a firefight like this your viewers can't expect a Municipal Water System to supply enough firefighting water to to extinguish every one of these houses that's unrealistic did you have enough resources did you have enough firefighters did you have enough fire engines no and there's there's not enough fire engines for this ordinarily for one house like this you might have three or four three or four fire engines we we we think we've lost 8,000 structures so times three fire engines each that that requires 26,000 fire engines I don't think the state of California has 26,000 fire that could be at one place right now you your your firefighters your resources everything overwhelmed absolutely overwhelmed Mother Nature owned us owned us those two days neighboring Orange County fire chief Brian fennessy has been fighting wildfires for almost five decades he dispatched hundreds of firefighters to help Chief and baguer Crews across la one of the most powerful Tools in their Arsenal this Fleet of Hightech choppers that can fight fires 24/7 dropping up to 3,000 gallons of water each pass but with Santa Ana winds gusting near 100 mph the Choppers were grounded during crucial early hours the fires that they experienced this week were Unstoppable Unstoppable Unstoppable what's it like for you firefighter to have to say words like that makes me feel bad right I mean that's not in our nature I mean we're we're fixers that is the mindset we're going to put our lives on the line we're going to give a lot to save a lot so when you have a fire like you say that's Unstoppable man that is it's uncomfortable it's very uncomfortable and after an uncomfortable 27-hour delay the Choppers were able to get back into the fight when the winds died down drop on it thank you Thursday Chief fennessy let us join a reconnaissance flight so we could see the destruction from above Air Attack cter 76 on air tactics we Flew Over the fire zones we have active fire line all the way up towards the communication towers and saw an ashen checkerboard of Devastation stretched below us for miles at Pacific Palisades when we flew over Altadena where Chief fennessy grew up he found it hard to get his bearings oh my goodness it really wiped it out man oh wow holy crap so the rose Bull's just down yeah kind of Orient you you kind of see the rose bow from here I had no idea it extended this far you can see charred buildings warehouses everything gone gone yeah in the early morning hours after the Altadena fire erupted Chief fennessy couldn't reach his brother although it was out of his jurisdiction he drove up from Orange County here's Tony's [Music] house little nightmare when he learned his brother was safe he went to check on his longtime friend Tony Goss and this is what he found I'm so sorry Tony oh my god brother this place was glowing it was completely hot there was a gas man over here that was venting and so it was like a jet engine it was pretty loud Tony's still his pajamas he looks like a firefighter his face is you know black from all the suit and um he's walking around you know I don't know if you remember this you walk around kind of talking to yourself Goss had tried to save his home armed with just a garden hose but the fire was too fierce when we met him he was still in disbelief that he'd been forced to walk away from his family home of more than 60 years but this was gone on I knew it was time to leave so I pulled out and all my neighbors are right there I said no it's time it's I I don't need to die today Chief fennessy then went down the road to his brother's house the block was in Flames he discovered the gas meter at the house next door was surrounded by fire and about to ignite and he said there was no water so I needed to cool this down so fenasy got creative I ended up forcing entry Tre into through the front door and uh went through the house you know into the kitchen looking for bottled water anything that that I could use and so I ended up finding a carton of milk and I think there were a couple beers or sodas whatever the heck they were and and came out here and really literally had to kind of go in there under the heat wet it and then get out because it was just this house was just burning and and um had to do that a few times till it was done and bet you've never saved your house with milk before no to do nothing means the home is going to be lost yeah and in this case yeah you know a little bit of milk and and a couple beers really save the day the houses he fought to save are the only two left standing on the Block the devil winds are forecast to intensify again tomorrow through Wednesday evacuation orders have been expanded the city remains on edge these fires are going to be an impact you know to the community families people for many many years to come this is one of those fires if not the fire that they're going to be telling their grandchildren about this is just Rubble what is this in the chaos of evacuating his baby and elderly mother to safety zier Calvin got separated from his sister Evelyn she lived next door everybody's yelling get out I'm thinking that she's getting out and the next day after the storm um I come back and her car is still there so at that point in my brain my soul is shaking he and his cousin found Evelyn's remains in the rubble Evelyn why don't you leave zier's grief is shared five Calvin family members lived on this block four lost their houses but they're trying to hold on to the hope that they can rebuild their Beloved Community everyone's in the same boat like everybody you would depend on everybody you would go to they're all homeless also they just lost everything they've lost all the memories all the joy everything that we've built together in this neighborhood we all lost together and I hate it I hate it cuz I love aladen 

Eaton Fire evacuation orders possibly came too late, L.A. Times finds
Jan 21, 2025
outages. we're live in montrose jennifer macgraw ktla 5 news all right. thank you. jennifer. al to reportedly got the order to evacuate only hours after that fire exploded 17 deaths are confirmed in that area with others still missing. ktla strip yost is live in altadena with details. hi chip. yeah, hey there samantha england we are here now to dina where people are continuing to sort through the rubble of their homes to see if there's anything salvageable at the same time questions are being raised about whether or not wireless emergency alerts went out too late for parts about the dino's show you some video from santa anita avenue, this is one of the hard-hit areas. west of lake avenue here now to dina according to the la times 17 of the confirmed deaths 17 confirmed deaths from the eaton fire all happened west of lake avenue but for some reason wireless emergency alert in that area didn't go out until hours after other alerts have been sent to folks living east of lake avenue another fire broke out in january 7th around 06:30pm that night some evacuation orders and wireless emergency alert went out to folks who live east of lake avenue however it was not until 03:25am in the morning, the next day that wireless emergency alerts were sent out to people who live west of lake avenue again that according 2 in la times story they say they got that information from interviews and also reviewing data on what the wireless emergency alerts we talk to one gentleman in front of the building we're in front of now let's show you some video here this video is from the mayor a post a townhome apartments, this lost all of the units here unfortunately there are 45 units here 43 of them were occupied at the time of the fires unfortunately they've all been lost we're talking to the manager of this complexes complexes also west of lake avenue and he said he did not receive any emergency that you know before he noticed the fire at around 05:00am when sheriff's deputies were outside on loudspeakers part of that might be that he didn't have his phone set up for that but here's more from him about when he heard of the emergency alerts the next morning. lone behold 5 o'clock in the morning wasn't you know i tightened any emergency you know services. the sheriff was out front with a announcing they're opposed the town of apartments evacuate immediately. i so i start taking seriously at that and i started getting dressed and at 5.15 i looked out the window and saw amber's flying through the air and started to drive in my notebook computer and some other you know things some passport and that kind of stuff in light cash that i had and then at 5.30 open the front door and there's just a wall of fire just plain just solid and i ran out the back and i actually right right through here and i saw the landscape is starting to catch joint information center did send us a statement on these issues raised in the la times story it says in part wireless emergency alerts are only one of several means of notifying homes during a fire emergency response. also includes door knocks patrols with loudspeakers driving up and down streets messaging the need to evacuate as well as leveraging local media to help us get the news to residents. this is a layered process in system intended to provide redundancy during local and widespread disasters that same statement goes on to say that once the fires are out there will be a review of how all the emergency response to this 



How Poor Planning Cost Lives in California Wildfires | Alex Villanueva
Feb 15, 2025  LOS ANGELES

https://youtu.be/R_9jScZ0Nm0
Evacuations on the Altadena side, we heard that some people didn't get the notice. Now, the fire started right, looking after 630 in the evening and the East End of altade not eat in Canyon, and then everything was long West, but there was mysteriously no or evacuate, and 17 people end up dying. At least the number might go up, and all of them were centered around Lake Avenue and west of Lake Avenue, so the fire was two or three miles to the east, and it's going that way. On Earth. Did they wait six hours to two in the morning before they started door knocking and using the bull horns or the PA system? That's too late, especially when you have senior citizens and nursing homes. There's a lot of tragedies. There are people that died that didn't need to but kudos to two Pasadena bus drivers from their municipal bus lamp. They went. They took their commandeer to busses. They went into the fire zone on their own way, on their own and they got people loaded them up wheelchairs, always where the wheelchair get out of the bus, and they drove through the fire to safety. And I wasn't see that type of thing. Did my rent at the same time? Was it necessary could have been avoided? Yes, it seems like everybody probably got surprised by the magnitude of the fire. Do you think realistically, there could have been a much better response? I think the fire was going to happen. I remember two years of rain, eight months of no rain, record heat, and then 100 mile. Win, if a fire started, it was going to be big. It was going to be dev city. I don't think that you can change that equation much, but had the city and the county prepared for it, they could have minimized the size of the destruction. And there should have been a single life lost. One guy was found dead with a hole in his hand trying to keep his house, you know, from burning up. And that shouldn't be, I mean, the order of the day when you're in a warning or evacuate. Take the things. Everything starts with people, pets, prescriptions, important papers, photographs, you know, things that you can replace. Everything else you can replace. You can replace the house. You can replace your clothes, your furniture, your appliances, all that. Who cares? It's that stuff that you can't replace. Have it packed, have it ready to go, and it looks like it's coming. Go. Don't wait for it too late and the members flying, because by that point, you're part of the problem now in a situation like this. So what should have been happening? You don't think that command center was there, and the decision maker at the top did activate the command center in a timely manner. The Department operation center, I don't think they open it up ahead and running until late Monday into Tuesday then. But that should have happened like Friday, you know, Friday or Saturday the latest. And they should have had everything mapped out what they were going to do. And they should have had a plan for evacuating. They should have been able to identify everyone in need of evacuation, because some of these nursing homes, a senior citizen assisted living facilities, they were tucked in the foothills up until the time, and they burned to the ground. That should have been known ahead of time. How many of these type of places are and what is the resource we have to evacuate them in the case we have to that discussion never occurred. They had to figure it out on the fly. As it happened, it's kind of King Country. Remember the big hurricane country? I think 2005 they had a bunch of people that were abandoned in the sizzling facilities, and the bus drivers ran away northbound on the freeway out of New Orleans, and the busses stay behind, and the people end up dying in the nursing homes. And the people were supposed to drive them away, just abandon them there. That was foreseeable, because hurricane doesn't show up one day. They track it. You know it. You know who your vultable populations are. You got to have a plan. How do we move people that can be impacted? Well, there's other things that are these. Are policy decisions and economics is driving it, because we keep expanding the urban footprint of LA County, we push deeper and deeper into the wild lands. So the interface between the wild lands and suburbia, it keeps getting more and more precarious, because the areas that they're building into, all these Canyon residents in all these very steep terrain, all that prone to fire, prone to burn, prone to mud slides in the winter time, all these things happen at once and at once, but they're predictable, and the more we build into that area, we're increasing the risk, and we're not mitigating that risk. So now that pal state doesn't exist anymore. For example, most of Al today is gone, or at least half of it. Do we rebuild? Do we repeat the same mistake? Or there's do we have to tighten the building codes, for example, like there are people still with wood shingled roofs somewhere? Heaven forbid, they're a bit worried, because I've been throughout 18 I've seen a lot of homes there a lot of wood homes there that everything is wood. and that's just a source of fuel in fact this fire was the first one that showed that suburban residential track can be a source of fuel. It's always thought that the source of fuel ended where the brush ended in the woods no now, it's actually everything on fire. It's a domino effect going down and it's the actual houses and that's kind of a new development. 




Evacuating The LA Fires With 13 Dogs & my Cat
Jan 15, 2025 
#JoeyGraceffa #Vlog
https://youtu.be/Y2-bs1SVNic
currently evacuating my house right now I don't know if this is the last time I'm going to see it or not but it sounds so crazy it's looks so wild outside I'm really scared but I just have to get everything done um dogs are all packed up I'm just trying to get clothes um for I don't know how many days I'm going to be gone um so yeah keep you guys updated with this process but holy crap I'm just like I can't I I should probably just be F focusing on this but holy is a scary hi Miss thing we have to evacuate with your babies I know your babies that are so big look at how big they've gotten we have to leave okay everything's going to be okay yes we are safe okay okay go in there go see your babies good [Music] girl okay all right the babies are in there mom's in there all right we're good okay okay babies are all in here mom's being so good not to squash them girls are going in Daniel's car Moon's coming with me we'll get into everything right now I'm just um letting her out there's a perfect Closet in this Airbnb that I'm saying right now um so we're just going to make a cute little nesting area for her I'm going to set her free right now she had um some vomiting in the car ride so look at how big they've gotten you guys this all happened so fast we'll go over everything but this is milk milk a very big boy right now right here oh I believe this is mocha she's little oh this one is sleeping toast was sleepy he got a little covered in the mom hi May boss you did so good thank you for being such a good girl that was scary huh I know you've been through so much trauma in your life all right who else do we have here oh who is this my brain is so rotten right now you guys I like am so frazzled um Coco this is Coco right I don't know sure we'll go with that who else we got we got chip big old chip here survive the car oh my gosh they yawning they have no idea they're like oh we're just living like this is wig hi wig wig is um strudel no I don't know and last but not least oh no that's this is strudel all right I'm going to leave the puppies here and I'll update you guys on everything okay so um it's the next day and I've I feel like I'm a lot more composed and can talk to you guys about everything that took place so I have my friend in town visiting and um we were out doing activities and showing him around La and whatnot and I get a text from my neighbor saying like we're evacuating it's getting closer um we're just being precautionary and so I immediately start heading home and as I'm heading home we get the alert that my area is officially evacuating and that was so intense and so scary because here I am driving on the highway headed to my house and I see in the distance Flames coming up from the mountains where my house is like underneath and it was like nothing I can really explain because even I like I I had like multiple days of seeing the fires in La through social media but when you actually see it in real life it is so different it is so impactful and just like terrifying like you just see these giant Flames that just pictures cannot do justice and it's like a horror movie you're just seeing these flames and you're driving closer and closer because like I'm trying to like rush home and so Daniel and his roommate had been staying at my place while I was in Vegas so this is another thing I was in Vegas for work and Daniel was staying at my house one to watch the dogs and my house but also because he had to evacuate his house so it like all worked out and so yesterday when I was just out uh Daniel was staying at my place again he was like go um your friend's only here for like a couple days is go show him LA and so coming back was just like we got to just get the animals taken care of um I grabbed what I could out of my closet and it's so funny because there's so much of those like if your house is burning down what are the things you're shaving and being in that actual reality of having to select the things in the short amount of time that you have to evacuate is is while the things you decide your brain at least for me like my brain wanted to just go blank and not like act but I had to like consciously keep choosing to flight like stay focused and like get your brain thinking we cannot like get into panic mode or anything I just had to stay calm and just focus on the things that I needed to get it was was really just figuring out where the animals were going to go where I was going to go what cars they were going to go into I'm so grateful that I had Daniel's car as well as my car to be able to split up the animals so immediately I knew I had to First gather my things and then go um put the dogs in well her I brought the crate into her room just so she could smell it and get used to it while I went and packed my stuff got my stuff in the car um had to get Sakura's litter box box all of her food all her things situated she's currently with Daniel's neighbor and I got an update that she's cuddling with them right now and she's just moved on she doesn't even care she's like living her best life getting all the cuddles Daniel has Hunter and Monty and he had given up his room at his house so he's currently at a friend's house and then um my other friend who is like my dog watcher has storm and wolf and I have Moon and Maple and Maple's puppies are in the closet which you guys saw I think I don't know how this footage was coming together but just seeing the Flames from my backyard and seeing how close they were was so scary but it seems like today they're doing a really really good job at maintaining it not crossing over the mountain so the Pacific Palisades fire is basically spreading to the other side of the into the valley part of Los Angeles they're just managing keeping it from Crossing and I'm just like so grateful to them yeah so it's just very stressful there's also people that are looting homes in La which is terrifying Daniel's car was stolen from my driveway and um that was really disturbing because like oh it's just so disgusting to know that like someone came onto your property and stole something and I just feel I I don't want to talk about like this is Daniel's situation but um the stuff that he lost is just really sad it's more the sentimental value things like people who were evacuating there houses are taking their most prized possessions and like memorabilia and stuff and so much of his things were taken that are irreplaceable because they were inside his car so um that's just so messed up on so many levels um but most importantly I have my prize possessions here with me hi me um and we're all safe and good right now and the puppies puppies have no idea what's going on but they are just still crawling around they haven't opened their eyes yet um but they are so big I've been gone for a few days in Vegas so that's why there's quite a jump from the last Vlog to this one on their sizing I was ahead a couple of Vlogs um so yeah that is the update um I'm hoping I can get back to my place soon I'm hoping that we're able to stop the fire it's currently still it's an evacuation zone so I don't know when I'm going to be going back so I will obviously be keeping you guys updated throughout this Vlog but yeah that's just keeping you up to date let's go check on the puppies they're just so big oh my gosh are their eyes starting to open almost I feel like with the next day they will hi you babies are so [Music] cute oh my gosh wig is so funny I can't with this also I remember the name this is tot wait no this is Tater okay maybe I'm not fully I'm not fully mentally there okay so to recap we have toast we have tater we have milk we have cocoa we have chip we have mocha and we have strudel there we go I got it now perfect so a little update it's been 2 days since evacuating they are not letting us back into my neighborhood just out of precaution even though the fires have stopped progressing towards my neighborhood there's apparently wind's coming in and they're just being cautious but they're not able to tell us when it's possible to go back which is this unknowing period of time is just so frustrating cuz I want to get back to my space where I have like all the supplies and stuff for the puppies and the mom and my dogs every time I have to go in person which is like 20 minutes away to go check and see if we're allowed back in and I've already done this twice I pack up the whole car all my stuff all the dogs and I got turned around and then this morning I went and cuz my state was up at this place and I had to see if I could stay here another night and thankfully it was available but just not knowing how long it's going to be till I can go back is frustrating especially when there is no fire danger right now um I just want to go home please it's just not fun being in this waiting period I just had a cry session because a really sweet officer just let me um into my neighborhood and I really was stressing that I was going to have to to unpack again and I'm just so relieved also to be back at my house and be here I'm just very fortunate and um I'm just excited to be back in my own bed tonight and uh being I don't know just a sense of normaly I can take a bath and um just cuddle up on the couch with my dogs and that is The Ultimate Gift I could have ever received today so I'm just a very happy boy right now I'm like so tempted the officer saw moon in the back seat and I'm sure she's gone through like so much trash and she just like was like can I pet your dog and I was like yeah of course I'm like should I go walk over to their station with the puppies and have them putet the puppies because I feel like they've gone through a lot these past couple days too so I might do that we'll see hi you babies guess what we're back home yeah come on everyone hopefully I brought you all I think I got all seven of you you're all getting so big my goodness let's go Hi Guess Who's home Mr KINE the house is here yeah are you happy to be back she said did anyone touch my things yeah exactly hi she said yes scratch that butt I deserve it from all the stress I've been through you get this out of here who put this in here were you stolen catnapped you were yeah well welcome home yeah snippet make sure make sure no one was in your room touching your things hi are you happy to be home Chompers you chomping you chomping show us how you Chomp how do you Chomp show us show us your Chomps oh that was a good chump I love that she does it it's so cute also the yard is um I don't know if you can really tell but sticks everywhere there's sticks and leaves everywhere covering the whole yard this side is even more crazy wow what happened here this is normally um just Turf and uh yeah there was definitely a storm that came here my gardeners are coming tomorrow to um clean this up cuz obviously a hazard but it's going to be taken care of and the fires are under control we got clear skies today it's fabulous yes Sakura's home and the rest of the kids should be coming home by tonight so I'm excited to have everyone back okay I figured we could do a little weigh-in session um look at how huge they are oh my God they're starting to open their eyes and just squirm around they're officially 2 weeks old which is so crazy how did this happen so fast you are so little okay let's do our weigh-in ceremony for 2 weeks my goodness babies are huge I have to put new colors on them too they're going to be the same colors but they outgrew them so let's start in order of the coloring we'll start with red whose new name is strudel oh my God the eyes are starting to open you are such a big chunker I can't believe it the last time let's get a comparison on the screen of what he looked like 2 weeks ago you grew so much you guys are going to be huge oh finding milk oh my gosh okay how much do you weigh 36.5 Oz yeah up next is top who is our wig oh that beautiful it's almost like red you have a red wig okay oh you were 12.5 and now you're 31.5 so handsome ew I don't know what happened there someone pooped on his head okay chip you are going to be so handsome yes you are you are so sweet you want some milk don't you cuz you're a big boy oh my God you're going to be such a chunker you were 15 oz before now here you oh my gosh you're 41 oz so far you're on the lead for the heaviest wow little mocha girl your eyes hi beautiful she said I'm awake good morning good morning oh my goodness okay you were our little dainty girl and you're still going to be your little dainy girl you were 11.5 and now you're 23.5 you're so little 23.5 that's literally half than your brother all right here's Coco Coco the sweet girl oh just one eye open Patchy the Pirate almost open oh that looks scary I actually don't like that okay you are 16 oz oh my goodness you're so sweet 16 oz and now you are 45 you're the biggest she's the biggest girl 45 Oz holy moly next is Mr Toast oh look at door's eyeballs he's looking around he said where am I what am I doing out here big chunky boy you were 16 oz and now you're 48 oz you have taken the lead you are now the heaviest one 48 wow and last but certainly not least milky milky Cocoa Puff oh what an interesting coloring wow big big boy you're like a little pit aren't you yes okay you were 16 oz and now 42.5 okay so we have our biggest at 48 oh my gosh and our smallest at 23 wow look at these oh my gosh wow this size comparison is crazy all right let's get you back in your pen the boys are here Storm's here for a moment I'm going to be trading him out with Daniel probably later tonight but Wolfie's back wolf first he's like don't disturb me while I'm feasting right now I always will get comments like where's storm where's Lark and well Storm lives with Daniel fulltime and Lark is with Daniel's mom Maria and um that's pretty much all the dogs I believe is there name think I don't think so um but anyways I'm going to end the video here what a crazy chaotic uh past I think it's been 4 days this Vlog has lasted um I'm just glad to be home very grateful um thank you for all the love and support and concern through social media that I've received um love you guys till next time I'll see you next time good day bye 






Evacuated from the California fires! 
Jan 25, 2025 #Vlog
https://youtu.be/ligjhBcCgPw

got a evacuation warning in certain areas of the LA County the danger is not over yet more powerful winds are on the way praying that this fire they get it under control soon to be honest she might not be able to come home for a week or so think we need to evacuate I kind of have a big task to do today I am going to be driving my sister I just got her from up North and I'm bringing her from here all the way to California because she's getting brain surgery that is right kind of scary so her husband's taking care of her kids they've got eight kids and Jason is going to take care of our kids here while I go and I take my sister to California so it is time to pack and get ready to go but I'm hoping nothing happens when Dad is in charge I snuck out on the kids you're supposed to be taking care of the human because sometimes there's some crazy things that have happened in the past when I've been gone I it's got my luggage and a lot of things already in it but pajamas no I don't need pajamas it is time to get this bad boy packed all right so mom is leaving us she's got her luggage and kind of trip which we talked about hopefully Dad can take care of it all love you I got this love you so now Mom one of the things is love you guys I really want you to be careful because there are some fires starting in California and it's in the LA area specifically thanks for joining us tonight at 4 this massive fire is burning out of control in the Palisades area of Los Angeles just north of Santa Monica but it's up in the mountains so you should be fine but still fires okay bye no kiss no oh okay be safe okay [Music] I'm well we made it to sunny California I'm really really excited that so far this trip has been really great it's been very very windy so we saw on the weather app there is a severe high wind warning the winds there the Santa Ana winds have been a real problem and many were expecting that if anything broke out today it would be a problem I definitely felt it coming down out of Vegas and into California um we're refueling getting some snacks and hitting the road so hopefully hopefully good things to come and not any crazy things that we've kind of talked about but I'll keep you posted okay so I'm stepping in here because it's crazy in our house right now R is still gone but watch this I'm going to walk out and watch they see me and all of a sudden things can you help me um put away this groceries uh not yet let me get two things done okay okay okay what you're you're so close to being done you're so close where do these shoes go what in i a closet in a shoe place um so so that was nice as bad but it's been like this all day long so there's the stuff going on in Vegas right now I really think the kids can hack it so I'm going to pull on them what they pull on me I'm going to sneak out and sneak down to Las Vegas go to these things I'll show you guys and we'll see what they do here Devastation comes to California the danger is not over yet more powerful winds are on the way tonight it's been just over 72 hours since Los Angeles began burning a city now forever changed we have made it to California my sister just got notification on her phone like her phone is blaring we got a evacuation warning in certain areas of the LA County um and we just found out that because of evacuation warnings there are power outages in the area because they don't want the fire to spread and the building that's doing her MRI and her cat scan tomorrow has now cancelled because of the power outage so we've got to find a place for her to go and get that or else she can't get her surgery okay this trip is ending up a little bit more hectic than we anticipated um I'll keep you updated as things are going along but the fires are huge they are a little bit over so we're safe um but we are praying that they don't spread and that the evacuation does not turn to a like like we have to evacuate um it's just giving us notice that where it's at and don't go in certain areas so that's okay right now oh my gosh it's little crazy oh here she comes all right we got to get her to an appointment okay so I got to Vegas I met up with my best friend I know I'm a bad best friend but I'm still so it's got to be that okay so we are at the illuminarium we don't know what's in there we don't but but we know there we're going to have a good time that's it so here we [Music] go so we made it into a parking garage but we are literally cenm from hitting the roof oh my gosh every one of these are freaking out there's a pole on this one oh my gosh here's where all the other idiots hit it oh oh my gosh I am not going under that no I am literally sweating right now to park my truck okay here we go Lon how you doing uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh so he is going to take my truck he's like it looks good enough I'm going to park you next to the gazillionaire and then here's the special instructions to get oh my go tripping me out right [Applause] now sherwin's doing a good job look at how close that is to that bar all right gazillionaire you got some competition okay so we shaking some of that off Caesar has blessed us yeah we have not shaken anything up I don't know what you're talking about that was nerve-wracking so now look where we're walking so I got it super early this morning to come and look at scuba diving pool cleaners AI operated lawn mowers and then flying scooters and now we're bench pressing and then you get to hang out with cool stuff like this look at this thing and then you get AI robots to talk to you and walk around and now we get massages all right so Becca's here and we have a debate if it's if it's it's a fake Snoop if it's faux Snoop if it's real Snoop so I'm going to get I'm going to get a creepy like like weird little pan wondering if it is or not so you guys let me know like like hi hey um we are just in California we're getting um we're in an area anyways and I need some help can you go into the office I need you to grab sign oh I'm not home right now um okay um we will you be home in like 20 minutes because um I can I can call you back 20 uh I'm out running around real fast do you want to ask Shay to do it or is it something I have to [Music] do what why aren't you home don't be mad I'm hoping nothing happens when Dad is in charge because sometimes there's some crazy things that have happened in the past when I've been gone I snuck out on the kids what do you know okay just second I snuck out on the kids because I got invited to do this a bunch of brand work with all these brands for our Channel I thought it was great kind of last minute thing but I'm in Vegas you're not even in a state I'm like I could come and visit you in 3 hours okay Jee okay I just arrived in California there is a mountain of smoke off to the side I um we're filling up a car right now and the winds have been crazy I'm kind of stressing out that you're not home I'm I'm worried about like Nikki and this like surgery and you're not even home wait it's that bad for the fires well we're not super close to it but I can see the giant giant smokes um like Big Smoke clouds and um Nikki's phone just went blaring and you are in and evacuation warning area we're not and she looked at the she looked at the anyway so I we're just praying that as we arrive and things are good that like the hospital that she's going to is not close to it so I need you to go home and get something for me why are you okay okay okay okay okay okay I will finish this stuff up I'm only like an hour and a half away from home so I will get all this stuff done and then I will zip home go home I I promise you're going to be very excited you'll be mad first but very excited you're supposed to be taking care of the humans our kids are so good Shay is literally 18 Wyatt is 16 like our kids are old we're good but I will get home I promise I'll go right back I love you so we just got notified what is it Nikki an evacuation warning we have an evacuation warning there are levels there's like an order and then so the order is the top evacuation order the top and it's by law you're mandated to leave and you can also can't get into this area we're at the evacuation warning it's probably going to happen and people that are what did they say there's been fires need help or have like pets or livestock should leave now so we are at the warning level there are five fires in the LA area I think got one under control I think it's four okay four active not under control fires in the LA area and they are surrounding us well and they're not some of them are closer and some are farther out so not necessarily way farther out but we have surgery tomorrow not me she she has surgery tomorrow and we have driven so far to get here so that she can have the surgery that she scheduled six months ago and now and the fires the fires started days ago kind of 2 days ago when we arrived and we were like oh my goodness what's happening and now is up to like 27 acres for one of the fires it's getting kind of scary and but I don't want to leave so that we can get the surgery done so she doesn't have to wait another 6 months or a year okay this side doesn't look too bad like you yesterday it was so Smoky and flat um on that and orange on this side and then way over there you can see a little bit of haze but that looks more like fog I mean smog than anything so this side we can't see anything like right now there's that fire all of that smoke it is like right there I I don't want to sugarcoat this and I don't want to make any false promises the Palisades is a complete disaster Zone everything is gone this is the Palisades recreation center and there are Embers flying all around the building this is California and five fires we have the Palisade fire which is huge right now this is what's getting close to us Kenneth fire Hurst fire Eaton fire which is also getting massive and then the sunet fire and we are in here this area right here so we are really close to this and praying that we do not get evacuated or that this comes farther so praying that this fire they get it under control soon all right you guys I got back home lost my voice at the conference at all the events all the Epic products but now we have to get real so with RA in California and all those fires started and all of that stuff started going down and where she's at the hospital with her sister all this crazy stuff is happening now the power's going out she can't get the procedures she needs done hotels they're having to move places they're having to drive a bunch getting stuck in traffic getting lots of evacuation warnings so now I need to go be real with the kids like it was all funny games that I left but now I need to actually tell them what's [Music] up how's school going it was 5 in the morning again I didn't want to wake up again you got to page one bro you're doing so page seven page seven okay I need to talk to you headphones off with mom and her sister California mhm they had to leave their hospital to go to another hospital because there was power outages and this is a crucial thing that needs to happen for her sister they just got a fire evacuation warning for this whole hospital really like the whole thing mom said there's no need for me to drive out there and help she's got a good car they're being safe but I'm worried about all the other stuff we're not going to make it about that to be honest she might not be able to come home for a week or so because if today doesn't happen then everything gets pushed back a whole another week or even more and they can't come back unless this thing happens that's supposed to happen so what are they going to do I have no idea I just want to be able to show Mom hey Mom look the house is good school's getting done we're being responsive so she's not worried and also so she doesn't find out that I left to Vegas for like a day and a half it'll be worth it all the cool companies I worked with and we're we're going to do stuff with it's going to be amazing but anyway so can you please school I got you that was so so convincing school and chores done where's Eevee she went with him somewhere I think she's at the other house oh my gosh school and food and food yeah just leave me hang in okay [Music] mom has not answered my call in over an hour oh but her location is still at the same like Hospital Hotel place where they have them so they haven't had to leave and it's like the green flashing thing on location so she's actually there but she's not picking up um what did you get done you cooked I finished food eie what you do I chore and school what chore and school chore and school Shay I Read 50 pages of my book should we go check the pages and see if it was 50 up that's a lot cor what' you do Trum marar what no what did you do cor what did you do did you play Minecraft yeah spent well meaning time with her cousin under the bus you can take that fake apology and shove it right up your hair I was just I thought that I did my stuff done I didn't want to be upstairs you know when you guys are cleaning see how everything she said started with I we who's we oh we oh Eve and EM it Eve's under the you're bringing all of them down with you what do why do were you on a got you while cooking I got C to laugh okay so trying to make light and have fun we're going to eat and then hopefully R calls me new day and today is surgery day so my sister goes in so we're doing her hair right now but we have an update so we're going to share people we were so concerned today we would not be able to get into surgery but we have good news that the warning that we received yesterday has been lifted right yep so that's good they don't have the fires under control but they are not getting closer to us which is really good we are very fortunate that where we're at we are just outside of the area so today is surgery day we're going in we're feeling good it's going to be good surgery it's going to be good and we don't have to evacuate I pray that I don't have to evacuate while she's there and I have to go somewhere before coming back to pick her up which hopefully does not happen look at this like this is all ash oh my gosh it is there's Ash everywhere and it's coming down this is crazy it might look it looks like snow holy cow my sister had her surgery yesterday and I went and I visit her last night and the surgery went well and all was doing good so I left her in the hospital in good hands and I slept here in the hotel again last night she just notified me that um they may want to be really releasing some of these recovery patients as there have been issued another evacuation warning we are not at evacuation time but the hospital is trying to lighten some of um the patience that can go so I'm just packing up the room right now I'm trying to get all of the things all of the things packed we have like tons of food because we were going to be here a week so now I've got to like pack and get it all ready to go we might have to evacuate and she is still in recovery which means she's in a lot of pain they're giving her some good pain um medication but driving 7 hours W in pain I I just pray that she's going to be okay a new fire at this hour now consuming a football size area every 2 to 3 seconds towering clouds of smoke and Ash over Los Angeles powerful wind gusts right now providing that fuel pushing the Flames closer to crowded neighborhoods you see those Flames look at that that right over the highway those highways have been closed these evacuation notices uh receiving Fast and Furious but just look at that fire and that black smoke okay I have packed everything kind of more organized so I've got our stuff I'm going to take some of that stuff to the car and then I'm going to go over the hospital see how she's doing see if she can leave early if she wants to leave early if she feels like good enough cuz I think we need to evacuate like I think we need to go um the air quality is getting way worse the ash was coming down last night I'm really getting really really nervous the fires are getting really close and the only thing between us and the fires is one of the big freeways which is good they say it won't jump but it's getting really really close according to the National Weather Service hurricane strength gusts are possible which is why so far already 20,000 additional people now under mandatory evacuation orders as firefighters are desperately trying to curb those flames you see those now painfully familiar red fire retardant lines on the hillside okay that cloud is getting more and more ominous as it gets closer okay we are ready and loaded we are ready to go Nikki is doing well we're hoping the drive home works really good and look what we have Nikki is ready with her puke bag just in case fingers crossed we don't get caught in any LA traffic leaving but here we go time to go home [Music] [Music] I don't know if you can hear in the background but there is a crazy person in our house right now it's almost 2:00 in the morning I made it we evacuated it was so scary and then we made it safe and she's got she's here she's recovering well oh my goodness you as crazy of a driver as I am now oh my gosh all right guys we are back together we are done there's one more Adventure cuz she has to go back up north but I am so glad this is over me too and I pray that they get the fires taking care of I heard when I left only 9% was under control yeah and there was another one that started another Canyon over yeah so scary gosh anyways okay thank you guys see you soon 

We Left our Home After What Happened
Jan 14, 2025
https://youtu.be/e00Ei9hFw8U - Vlog

I don't know where to start but I'm happy you're here.
I'll start with that. I'm happy Anas is back. - Okay guys, so
- Guys, I know you guys are probably all confused. So what happened the last week is that
a huge fire broke out in LA. So at first, nobody thought it was gonna be
as bad as it turned out, as I'm sure you guys are seeing on the news,
all over social media. This has been one of the most - devastating fires
- devastating fires in history in LA. And the problem is that I wasn't even
in this city. When that happened I was actually in Mexico
for work. What you need to know is we're currently
safe. We're in Sacramento, California, where
Asala's family is. You might think it's a little weird that I
started documenting all of this for you guys. But initially, when the fire broke out,
it was so far that everybody thought, even the whole community, all of LA thought That everything's gonna be okay. - No, that it was just a small fire far away.
- Yeah. So I was like, I could show
the Anazala family. And there was no evacuation order
at the beginning. Yeah, there was nothing. So I was like, let me show you guys what's
happening, because I know some of you guys are in other states that maybe don't have
fires or they have tornadoes. So whatever, I was just like,
I'll start there. And at the same time, if something were
to happen to our house, I'd have those last moments. The video you're about to see is almost
a summary of everything that happened from the second the fires that you guys are
seeing everywhere right now started, all the way to Asala evacuating, all the way
to me coming back to see my family. I was in Mexico when all that happened,
as I told you. One thing I want to mention, Asala did
post some stuff on Snapchat, and there was a situation online about
the bird. And why did Asala leave the bird
in the house, why did she not take it with her to evacuate. There's a whole scene on TikTok right
about that. So we will address that, address the bird,
why was the bird left, It took us some time to film this and post
this, because we did feel that, Yeah, we had to make sure everybody
was okay, the situation kind of calmed down. - Which we did now.
- That people were safe. You know, there were things we could do
to even help the communities and just make sure everybody was good. So, So we took our time to post this video,
we didn't want to post it right away. It felt not right. The most important thing we just want to say
to the first responders, to the firefighters, to the people who put their lives at risk, we really thank you and appreciate you
and everyone who... - Say hi.
- Hi. - Say thank you to the firefighters.
- Thank you for the firefighters. Okay, now we'll tell you the story
from A to Z. - From our point of view.
- From our point of view. So now the footage from Asala. Keep in
mind, I wasn't in town, I was out of town. Asala was alone with her family in the house.
And that's it. - Okay.
- Okay, 3, 2, 1. Hey, guys. So I just wanted to update
you guys. So I know you guys don't know what's going on
right now, but Anas left yesterday on a work trip. And he's going to be gone for 6 days. And today, there's apparently like a fire,
a whole wildfire in LA. Acres burning, power outages happening
in the area. And I have the kids sleeping with me. It's currently 10 o'clock right now at night. And Mila slept right now, we have Noah. I'm not going to lie, guys, I'm a little sad.
It feels so weird for Anas to be so far. - Papa.
- What do you want? - Daddy.
- He's going to come soon. I want him. It's okay. I'm here. Mommy's here. You have
Pikachu daddy right here. Look. - I love you, Noah, so much.
- You see? He's right here. Anyways, guys, I could literally see
the fires from here. I'm gonna... So, as you can see, see that red smoke. It's the Los Angeles state of emergency
from wildfires. It's actually scary. Do you see that? Guys, we're praying that you guys are all
safe out there. Make sure you're keeping up to date. Making sure your families are safe. Evacuate if you have to. Okay, guys, so we just paused a second
to give you some context. What you need to know right now is that there was another fire that broke out
behind our house. And firefighters were trying to turn it off, - But the winds
- But the winds were so, so, so fast. It was getting bigger and bigger
and everybody was freaking out. At that point, we got an evacuation warning
on my phone. - Okay, here it is.
- And I took a screenshot of it. But our friend Hisham was actually driving by
close to our house. When he heard about it, he said he was coming
to help Asala and the family. - He filmed that.
- He filmed that, too. He filmed that, too. 11:27 PM "Hurst Fire"
"Our neighborhood" "On the phone with Asala" Yeah, I think you guys should leave now. Yeah, I think our neighbors saw that it looks
like a campfire is covering us. Yeah, I just got the amber alert. ... the evacuation, we're heading out,
let's go guys! "Source: Hurst Fire from Raseda Blvd on ring
app from neighbors" So guys, we literally packed and left
the house. And they just told us to evacuate. We're just driving away from the fire. Just prayers to everyone. And Anas has just not been answering.
I think he's asleep. So we got in the car and we went to an area
called Ventura. Which we stayed at the hotel there. We checked into this hotel. I don't even
know where we're at. We just kept driving away from the fire. What thing do I know about the kids? We're going to check in the rooms right now. Alan's here. Omar's here. My sister's getting
some things from the car and my mom. Anas, imagine guys. All this and Anas still
has no idea that any of this happened. He doesn't even know that we left the house
and evacuated. I think he's still asleep because of the time
difference to where he's at right now. So guys, now this is when I wake up. And now I'm checking the phone. There's
a million messages. And I was like, oh my God, oh my God!
Now I know what's going on. I start to call them. They're not answering
because they're sleeping. The hardest part was I started looking at
the place that they're staying in, the hotel. And then I noticed that there was a fire
that was happening. "Olivas Fire" - A new fire.
- Beside their hotel. So that's a third fire right now, right? We're talking about the big, big fire. We're talking about the one beside our house
that had them leave. And then we have a new one which is right
beside their hotel. He literally told us to check out of
the hotel. I was like, check out right now and just
head to Sacramento. And you guys have 30 minutes to do that. Good morning, guys. So I just woke up.
And just a quick update. It's currently 7 or 8 in the morning,
apparently. I'm checking in on the fire. We're two hours
away from the house. The fires are only getting worse. We came here at this hotel. We checked
in last night around 2 a.m. And guys, they're saying right now the area
that we are in, Ventura County, the fires are actually close. So we have
to leave right now. I just woke up. I'm going to get the kids
ready. And we're going to be driving down to Sac. Finally got a hold of Anas. And he canceled
his trip. He's going to try to fly in pairs out to
everyone else who are affected in L.A. And just be safe, guys. And guys, at that point, Asala sends me
pictures of fire trucks all waiting outside. And it looks like they were trying to build
like some sort of a line to make sure that the fire doesn't get closer
to the area where people are staying at. I want to say thank you to the firefighters,
of course, for putting their lives at risk. And I know we said that over and
over, but it's really It's insane. It's harder when you're living it rather than
watching it. Anyway, okay. And then they'll leave
to Sacramento. Okay, guys. So we just took all the things
out from the hotel. And we're all here in the car. We have Mila and Noah in this car
with my brother, Alan. Alan's in the car with my sister Sarah.
They're in that car right there. So, guys, the plan is we're going to start
heading down to Sacramento And, again, prayers to everybody who's
either lost their homes or had to evacuate. Just stay safe. And, yeah, we're on the way.
So let's go. So, guys, at the same time now, I was getting
ready to leave Mexico. The next morning, I was on the first
flight out. - I flew from Mexico to Los Angeles.
- L.A. And, guys, when I was in the air, I'll show
you now some footage of the firestorm up top. It was the scariest thing I've ever seen
in my life. I landed in Los Angeles, and then I go
directly to our house. At that point, the house was not in
evacuation warning anymore, but it was still in the red zone. As I went back home, I asked Liam to bring
back the bird to the house because Liam was actually flying to Dubai. Liam, we love you. I hope you're having fun
in Dubai. And, guys, when I got to the house, I started packing everything, all the things
that Asala did not pack. I started packing all the documents,
everything that meant a lot to us, me and Ronan. Thank you, Ronan,
for coming over. And then Ronan and me actually packed
them all in the car, and then I drove to Sacramento to see
the family. That's Alan's shoes.
Every important paper is here. - Asala's bags. Noah's plushie.
- I love you, Noah, so much. Dude, we're getting, like, two, three
evacuation orders, and I'm not even sure because each website
tells us a different thing. Look at that. In your area, remain...
Oh, my God. And then, guys, look at this. There it is. This is crazy. Look at this. That's the big fire. That's the Palisades one that everyone's
talking about. That's a new one that just happened, and that's the one that alert just came
through for. But look, like, there's, like, three just in
front of us here. There's one behind the hills there, and
there's another one in Hollywood Hills. Oh, my God. This is really scary.
I hope everyone's safe. I'm going to lock this. Disregard last evacuation warning. Before we show you the reunion, which was,
like, the most emotional thing on Earth because, like, guys, imagine. I haven't seen,
now, the kids and the family for three days, and they've gone through, like,
nine evacuations. So just me being able to see them was like,
one of the most like, craziest things for me. But before we talk about that, we want
to address something. The bird. I call her Snow.
Asala calls her Sky now. I don't know why. She reminds me
of her old cat. But anyways, it's cute. - Okay, guys, so on TikTok,
- A lot of people thought there was a lot of controversy around that. Do you want to talk about it or do you want
me to talk about it? Yeah, because, okay, I'm a little upset from
you guys because you need to understand. Not them. It's just some random people
on TikTok. Okay, not you guys, but whoever is watching
this, that was rude. So there was a lot of controversy about
the bird, and if I left her in the house, So Asala filmed a video of her passing by
the bird and then crying beside the bird on Snapchat. This video went viral because everyone
assumed that Asala did not take the bird with her
when she evacuated, which is, guys, obviously that's not true. So they went in two different cars, right? The family left with Asala in one car,
and they put all the things together. And then Asala actually had Liam and Mokhtar,
who are our friends, pass by the house in the second car and take
the bird. So I called Liam, and I told him
if he can pass by the house, get the bird and put the bird in his car. Yes, and that's what happened. So Liam had the bird up until
the evacuation warnings were not in effect around the house anymore,
so he took her back to our house. So she was in the house till I came back
to L.A., and then when I got back to L.A., I actually
took the bird. So guys, currently the bird is actually with
Ronan in Los Angeles in a safe zone, in a safe area, So obviously we did not leave the bird. Obviously, Asala did not just leave
the bird behind. So the bird's actually going to
Ronan's house. So now it's going to be with me, you know. - She will be fine.
- Yeah. - His house is outside of the danger.
- Yeah, outside of the danger zone. Anyways, okay, so I ended up driving
to Sacramento, and I saw the kids after a long, long, long
while, and a lot of bad energy in the middle. And yeah, so Asala filmed that, so here's
the footage of that. Okay, guys, so it's the next day, and Anas
has arrived. He drove all the way here, so he told me, he
texted me that he should be here any minute now. Daddy! can we surprise him? Wait, wait. I think he's here. - Hey!
- Hey! Where are the kids? Daddy! You come home! We missed you. - Daddy!
- Oh my God! Are you okay, honey? Are you okay? - I'm so happy you're here.
- I love you honey. - Daddy, daddy!
- I miss you so much. Look at you guys. Welcome home! Oh, my God. I'm so grateful that we're
all together. You know, the people there, they're going
through it. It's just so sad. It's just so sad, like the neighbors,
like they're... I can't believe you went back
to the house. I'm so worried. I wanted to get the bird.
I wanted to get Snow. Just an update on our home. A lot of people
are asking, how's your house? Our home is in good shape. Our home, thankfully, is in good shape. - We're checking updates every now and then
- No fires, nothing around. No fires as of now. They contain most of
them around the home. Yeah. To all the people that are still struggling
with this, and I know there's hundreds of thousands. I can only imagine what those people are
feeling, the ones who've lost their homes, or they don't know where to go. They don't
have family even in the area. I just want to say below, we're going to
leave links to help with donations, whatever we can do together as a community
to help them. - It's a responsibility for us.
- Help and support, it's our responsibility. So let's make sure we go to these links,
support as much as you can, give back. You never know when it could be, you know, - Anyone.
- Anyone. And that's it. We're safe now, guys.
We love you guys so much. We love you guys. Thank you to everyone
who sent us messages, checking up on us. In my heart, I can't even tell you
how much I feel like we're a family. Hey guys, keep in mind, guys, if you don't
see videos on YouTube of us from time to time that happens, make sure
to follow Asala on Snapchat. She usually puts all the behind-the-scenes
of everything that we do on Snapchat. Yeah, I tend to do small updates. So, in case, because I know a lot of people
are like, why are you guys not posting a video? We don't know how long we'll be here for,
but... - We'll keep you posted.
- We'll keep you guys posted. You guys are with us on this journey.
Try to learn from what we just went through. Thank you to the firefighters, first
responders, and this is it for today, guys. We love you so much, and we'll see you
in the next video. Good morning, the sun is shining.
Good morning the video is ending today! 

We Had to Evacuate Our House
Jan 12, 2025
https://youtu.be/5_W5peW_ZK8


we are trying to get home right now because there is a wildfire in our neighborhood and our daughter is [Music] there oh my gosh look how bad it is and this is how it started several big fires continue to burn in the LA area right now this morning The Firestorm officials had feared becoming a reality with a third outof control Wildfire exploding overnight in the Los Angeles area a lot of developments here to tell you about is these fires are ripping across LA County overnight nearly 20,000 Acres have been destroyed in the Palisades fire and the fire is only 6% contained hey you guys uh wanted to give you a quick update there are fires in Los Angeles just got an alert to evacuate Matt I were not yeah I'm I'm it's just crazy like we could lose this house we already know friends that have lost their house but that doesn't matter the most important thing is that we are all safe Matt I are back with z and the dogs and and we're going to be heading out important thing is that we're safe yes yes and the fires are literally getting so close to us like look at this come over here it's right there so that's it we're here obviously and what's happening is the winds are so strong they're just like moving so you're safe one second and then you're not and then evacuation just came up on our phone so we're going to get out of here and yeah I'm just I'm just want to make sure everyone's safe our friends are safe our family it's just a house it's just a house these are just things but we've made a lot of memories in this house so it's it's crazy to know that we might not have it but right now we are getting packed and we've got to focus because the most important thing is to get out of Los Angeles right now so yeah y you okay so closing like we have to bring the purses then you're not emotional at all right now not right now but I will be if you can't get that bag to close honestly it's so terrifying because Matt and I were out at like a summit a work event and like to know that this was happening and D was here obviously in good hands but like it's terrifying and so I'm just hold on hold on y you okay come on I'm come on there you go hey okay first first win of the day we're just trying to pack up everything think we can obviously this house means a lot to us we've been here for now the Last 5 Years so to kind of leave this behind is not easy but we're going to make sure that we get everything safe we're going to make sure that we're in a good spot Z mom and dad are going to take you up to Big Bear tonight okay you okay with that I promise you can watch any show you want to in the car what do you want to watch Poopy Loopy Poopy Loopy what does that mean you're watching right now you're already watching TV yeah zie we just say you can watch what okay what do you in cont yeah okay it's important that we get out of here safe okay there a little bit of a fire right now in the area Okay so we're going to stay safe and if anything happens just come and hug Dad okay I got you just practice 3 2 1 hug okay just like that if you need anything I'll pick you up we got this okay can I count on you to take care of the dogs yeah okay we can do that I'm in a little different situation in here have all of our computers and everything the one thing that we don't want to lose is anything of our footage that we've had over the last 10 years I never thought that we'd be evacuating this is what it is we're packed up everything's in the car it's insane look at this thank goodness we have the Cyber truck s you okay you ready to make a trip look there's a moon up there there's a no oh wait there is a moon up there just so you guys can see like how close look that right there do you see the orange oh my gosh it's right there I could come back and I have no pink Jeep anymore I know we need that jeep to stay here whatever's going to happen is going to happen we can't really control it mhm why the strongest force on Earth why because Z nature nature is the strongest thing we can't control nature right but we're going to be okay who controls the wind Maui Maui he did no what's that song how's that song Go you did give us the the wind Shake our trees okay Z we got to get in the car okay we're going to go to Big Bear okay clean over just erupted it's like right there like right there I know I see the fire and then this one's coming hot manast that's fast that is no we need to cover for your nose where's our house we're not in danger but it's directly in front of us God that fire look at that fire see the fire that's a big one man okay you guys update we made it out we've got s we have the dogs and we are heading out it is so Smoky and foggy it's crazy there's fire trucks everywhere Sirens going everywhere but we are getting out wow this is just this is crazy never thought we'd be living through this yeah we are going to Big Bear um we have some friends that are also coming up their houses also have been evacuated so we're we're playing it by ear and basically anyone that like needs a place to stay any of our friends we're just telling them come oh my gosh you guys look at [Music] that I don't know if you guys can just tell like I wish I could show you the fog of this it's so much worse in person than what it shows on film I told you guys earlier that we were at a Creator Summit and we were with other creators and I know that unfortunately some of them have already like lost their houses and some have evacuated so I'm going to give a call to Anna they got out they are heading to another C uh they are heading up to be to their family's house out of LA but anos was with us the rest of the family was split up so he is going to be driving right now for 6 hours to see his family they also like H's phone was off and so he woke up to like 50 something voicemails because they were um a solo like they they got evacuated and they tried to reach out to him and then I think she went on Snapchat and was talking to to everybody was like I can't get a hold of bonis right now and so everybody was calling him so he he uh he said that they got to Sacramento but yeah we want to call him I'm just going to make sure that he got there on us hey all right you get out okay how are you guys are you on the drive up up to see the fam oh my God finally it was it was it was it was really sad it was just so so weird they're good now and I'm driving I'm I'm I just went checked on the house the house is good I sprinkled sprinkle it with water took the bird to Ronin and um got all the important items I don't know how to I really don't know you know like everyone's having a different feel about this like some of our neighbors are like completely taking everything with them some people are just like they're staying in it's just it's just a weird moment we just got evacuated and and you can see from our window the fire like it's it just did yeah we just Scott we we're getting like am like alerts oh my God yeah so it's like from my bedroom window you can see it like oh my God I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry yeah that was aada yesterday that was aada yesterday but we're lucky cuz the fire beside our house kind of calmed down but if you're saying your house is the one beside you guys is just started that's so scary Dar and Laura they got evacuated too so they St no way oh yeah their house was okay but now with the fires like moving I don't like we I haven't been able to get a hold of them going to Sacramento it told me it said 8 hours on the GPS 8 hours cuz like the whole City's everyone trying to get out8 hours usually it's like 5 hours so like they just added 3 hours just to leave but guys be safe and um yeah I guess all of us should also you know we could use our platform you know to just tell people to make sure that they're like yeah you know they're they're they're listening to the first responder they thanking them you know if you're in an affected area don't take any risks get in you know literally it's not worth it the fire the wind can change at any point so like just get out just get out none of it matters as long as you're safe and there's a lot of services you know for people for shelters for people for that so you know like all that is there and also there's yeah we got to also if you're not in an affected area and you have like a first respa a firefighter close to you just make sure also like you know let's make sure I mean the firefighters are working tirelessly to make sure it's crazy they're working TIR I love you guys D I love you be safe yes let us let us know when you make it up okay yes yes yes thank you guys I love you love you guys all right bye bye like he was saying the firefighters are risking their lives they are not sleeping like they are doing everything to keep all of us safe so again like he said just make sure to thank them we're going to be thanking them I will put links for any of you guys that want to help in any way we're obviously going to be making a donation but our first priority right now is just to get to a safe place for our families so we are in Big Bear now we are safe the dogs are sleeping they got comfortable very fast and we're going to put Zade to bed and then we're going to give you an update on everything going on in La I don't want to call B it's bedtime it is bedtime I want to watch some people well guess what you get to watch you get to watch mom dance I love you kiss I love you see you tomorrow okay Z I love you okay Zam fam so I wanted to put Zade to sleep so I could talk to you guys I didn't really want to say this in front of Zade but there's a chance that we might not have our house the fires are getting really close and I I don't want to scare her but like there's a chance when we go back it's it's not going to be there so I just I don't know how to how to explain that to her I don't know if she's going to understand but I don't even know how to deal with it right now I just I want to thank the firefighters they are just working so hard right now to get this fire under control so obviously everything is changing minute to minute with these fires so you can follow us on Instagram and on Snapchat for updates and we love you guys so much thank you for your support and um we'll talk soon 






Update On Evacuating Our House
 Jan 19, 2025 Vlog
https://youtu.be/r_KlAh7rXm0
in case you guys did not know we had to evacuate our house because of the fires and we didn't know if we'd be able to come back to it but as you can see here I am happy to report that our house is still here and we are so grateful we do have friends that lost their houses and it's just an emotional time here in Los Angeles now that we are back I have a ton of unpacking to do of all the different things I've unpacked Z I still have all of mine but we are just so happy we still have our house I also want to thank all of you and the Zam fam that reached out to support us it really meant a lot it's a hard thing to think that you are going to lose your house and I can't even imagine how the people feel that actually lost it so that being said even though I have a ton of unpacking to do there are a ton of people that need our help right now so I came up with a plan I have a ton of Zam fam merch we have shirts we have onesies I have sanitizer we even have game master books right here so I am going to be donating all of this as well as going to the store and getting supplies water Gatorade whatever they need and we are going to bring it to a place that can distribute it to people that lost their houses and also the firefighters who are literally working so hard I mean they are the reason that we have our house it's such an emotional time I'm anyways we need to help we need to do something so now it is time to do some research so we can figure out exactly how we can help Okay Zam fam so I just found this site it's called do laa and it is is basically places you can do in-person volunteering for the fires which is so cool this is awesome it looks like you can donate to Santa Anita Park oh I've seen videos of this it is crazy there were so many people there and you can get supplies how amazing is it that there's people like these that are helping out others in their time of need wait Matt look it says that there were 386,000 homes without power and they helped with getting power for people okay so they are accepting donations but there's only one catch they're not accepting clothes right now which is like what we have a ton of I guess they don't have space for it there are so many people it's filling up the Santa andita racetrack area and that place is huge the impact of this fire in Los Angeles is going to affect us for a very long time any place else hold on what is this Angelina's hope it's a nonprofit it was started by kids in high school and in college this is the coolest thing ever like kids teenagers they started this oh my go the Z right now it says something it says that they have open donations they help out firefighters and displaced families is there a phone number that we can reach out to maybe like text or something so there is a number that I can text angelino's of Hope and I'm just going to see they are taking any donations clothes books scent Zam fam I know all of you are not from Los Angeles but comment below if you know someone that was affected by the fires text back Matt that was fast oh my God how awesome yes we can take that anything helps so maybe I should just give them a call and see what else they need obviously we're doing more than just the clothes hello hi this is Rebecca I know you said we can donate clothes and books and stuff but um what essentially for Essentials do you guys need right now food like snacks uh it's specifically for the fire fighs they're taking water electrolyte like liquid IVs protein bars stuff that they can just open right away and then just eat it while they're up there okay awesome and I saw your site I hear you guys are a bunch of high school and college students that started this yes we are that's really cool and we want to help out is it okay if we come around like 1:30 today yeah that would be actually awesome thank you bye okay so we know what we need to do I just need to get dressed we're going to grab zie and we're going to head to the store all right looks like we're heading to the store but stay tuned because we're going to be giving you guys an update later today about our big announcement in February okay zie so we're going to go to Target right now okay do you know what we're going to do get food and suppli yes well we're going to get food and supplies for the people that again again we already donated to Firefighters but now they need more and same with some kids that lost their houses in the fire we're going to get them stuff too is that a good idea yeah do you want to help I'm to help I love that about you zie come on let's go okay oh W you heard the lady they need supplies for the firefighters too so here we are at Target let's take a look they said drinks electrolytes beef jkey any kind of snacks snacks and protein bars things they can just like open on the Move let's start over here looks like we're going to be stocking up on some Gatorade you want to do it this one's are heavy I'll let you do the other one Rebecca goes to her favorite color yeah yeah my favorite color Gatorade is surprisingly the yellow but maybe people like the red one to got some of those we have a ton of prime at home that we can also donate hey Z snacks what should we get them you think they want fruit rollups here okay throw it in good job Z oh here's a big mixed thing of fruit snacks throw that in oh now they said like protein bars should we do some of these do you want any of these bars ooh look let's throw that in okay ooh kind comment down below what your favorite type of bar is ooh honestly I have no idea let help out here we go okay thank you I get so overwhelmed at a grocery store these are nuts up here got that now let's see what else they said they wanted beef jerky so throw it in Zade we're going to get a bunch of these here I'll get you closer so you can throw them in these are going to be very easy for them to grab on the move when they are putting out fires great job zie let's keep going okay remember they have to be prepackaged these are all for the firefighters that are helping put out fires so they need a lot of energy okay so these have protein I'm yeah I'll give get you closer I know you want to help out ooh this one Let's Do It Go in good job you're oh we can't do these ones because they have to be packaged okay cuz they're going to be sharing them what about this blue one want to get that almonds have protein so give them energy okay Zade loves raisins and so do firefighters that's good how many Lots is there for the firefighters right they're getting a lot of raisins which means they're getting a lot of fiber oh let's get them these let's do the these ones these ones are packed we got gum we are stocked and now we need to get back to the house so we can prepare everything else and get it ready to donate let's go here good one you're [Music] strong there we go okay Zade you can remove it okay let's take these out everything's loaded up now we are heading home time to load in the much heavier stuff Matt I think I might need your help it's heavy but it's worth it you know Zam fam right here is literally where we could see the fire right over there and now everything seems so calm but the reality is that people did lose their homes and their lives are never going to be the same again they lost everything I can't get over that we thought we were going to lose our home so I can only imagine how they're feeling right now I just really hope this stuff brightens their day I think Matt you're going to have to rearrange you want to take over cuz these are so heavy I can't all right let's get this loaded up it's a lot of stuff but I'm really hoping that this stuff will make a big difference it's like the least we can do how cool would it be if one of the Zam fam got all of this stuff that would be the dream I want zamfam to get this oh all the match slays before you got lasce sick slay cool and then we also have this rack of clothes it's a lot of merch a a lot of merch that's going to a good cause Matt get it in here I wish we could just roll it on this rack but I don't think it'll hit the rack's too big oh the on onesies are awesome on the onesies let us know if you guys have one of these onesies or if you want us to bring these back yeah pink Jeep you're okay I wasn't sure I was going to come back to you pink Jeep it's all packed up all the stuff is packed up we have a babysitter to watch zie while we go drop off everything we just packed so we are here at the angelinos of hope these are all of the volunteers let's go guys they're here getting the supplies out to the firefighters and helping all of the people that were affected by this fire she was just telling me that they just set this up last week last week on Thursday and this is our third location it's the third church that they're working at awesome incredible we could not have picked a better location to donate to so we are so excited you guys have to see all the stuff we brought we did stop on our way here to get a little treat for all of the people helping all of them and I think they're going to like it just something a little snack we thought you guys might need some crumbl Crum cookies cuz you're working so hard and you guys might be wanting some prime prime okay I thought you guys might want some of that you're welcome and some other drinks too I put this on a clothing rack and hung them all but that was not the right way to do it so now we are putting them in bags we brought a bunch of books just in case that's heavy heavy heavy there all the game master books oh my God brought as much of merch as we could I think we have to put them in bag and then all these guys go too all this y that's for you guys bar you can follow us on Instagram Angelina the yes which I will link in the description Zam fam okay here are like masks and hand sanitizers and popsocket this is another this it's book they're brand new bars these are not like here you go they've been man I'm like so weak I could barely put this stuff in so fast three it took me so much longer to load this than it did for them to get it you guys from the bottom of our heart thank you so thank you guys this is incredible so you guys have been doing this yes we've been at it for two weeks 3 weeks now wow and you guys are doing it all you set this up you guys are the real heroes here really amazing it's been a big eye opening because people go through stuff like this all the time but we've never had big fires like this around our area more than one too you know so it's like it was like oh I don't just want to sit at home yeah no that's how we were the same so we have everything it's all ready to be distributed out but if you guys are in the Los Angeles area and you want to donate I will put all the info for them in the description also check out my Instagram cuz I'm going to be tagging them this is just such a cool thing I can't believe they did this and they're kids people helping people yeah that felt really good but there is still so much that needs to be done for these families and these firefighters so if you have any ideas comment below what else you think we can do and now Zam fam in case you didn't know we have a huge announcement coming February early February on the Rebecca zamolo Channel so make sure that you are subscribed it has been something that you guys have been waiting for and so have we and I'm so excited for this for the Zam fam so stay tuned 

We Had To Evacuate Our Home...
Jan 12, 2025 
https://youtu.be/Hr5sFft2i9c Vlog

now for breaking news internet sensation Kane Bailey has not uploaded a new YouTube video in a few days the world is wondering when can we expect a new Banger video they need me they need a new Banger video all right guys I'm filming this just in case I end up needing to evacuate but peep this this is our crib that is a fire mind you this morning this when I seen it it was like a little small fire it's getting big chat our pool covered in it's say the Dodger Stadium it's in an evacuation area and that's right next to us this is just in case you can literally see the the people flying over it putting the water what yo that's crazy oh my God all right it's later in the night now guys the fires went out bro a whole brand new one just started chat and then there's another one over here bro yo guys this shit's getting crazy I guess maybe this is a video now I don't know I'm just documenting in case but bro that one is serious chat like we might have to start guys I'm not about to go out with this beard on me bro there is a big ass fire in Hollywood bro like literally like in runion where all like the celebrities be running and guys we're literally eating random stuff right now because we're trying to avoid leaving the crib for real you guys see me in my last video I was walking around chatting it up he shouldn't have been he shouldn't have been today I'm going to be a good boy and stay in the crib cuz this Hollywood Hills fire is looking serious so the other day in the hot tub he was like to me and Matthew what would you guys do if fire just started like surrounding you and like just coming in oh that's what you're talking about and look it started over here and now I just keeps getting closer we're going to have to stay up all night guys like we're going to have to pull in all nighter because they can tell us to evacuate anytime and we don't want to be left behind cuz then we're cooked literally yo Chad I'm losing my mind he's like should we clean up before we evacuate just to be tidy she was like it's pretty serious we might actually evacuate tonight I'm like okay we should guys look at our crib bro like it's not that messy like it's not that messy but I don't want to go out like that like I need this to look good at least I'm I'm saying like we might have to like actually like have stuff by the door and or like have stuff ready to leave and I think if it's clean then it'll be easier to gather that stuff you know what I mean okay I'm going just do run through real quick and clean this drawing guys guys be honest what should I do in this situation should I tidy up or does it not even matter like should I just be thinking about what I'm going to take let me know in the comments bro all right guys taking a leap man things got to be done right now I'm not going to lie hold on let me get something stay there 12 seconds later NOAB did I get did I get rid of my Batman mask no I knew you wouldn't want to you told me you told me to get rid guys I just put it away how am I going to save the world without my mask basically as premier's Mom just reminded me I need gas in my car and my car is basically on empty I need my wallet too all right let me get hold on I'll be back guys all right guys I'm getting out of here now bro I'm not going to lie I need to keep my mask on tonight bro this is way worse than the last video guys if stormmy gets one more we buy junk cars bro I'm going be pissed how did like what okay it's she's missing a light but what else tells you this is drunk bro like is someone like pranking me or some like what I'm so confused bro guys let's see if I can make it to the gas station maybe they won't even let me I don't even know this is crazy bro I didn't think I was going to film today chat this is like my off day for filming thought I was just chilling but here we are can I get um 70 on number two guys I'm going to fill this up to the brim because I don't know the next time I'm going to be able to fill my gas so I'm going to fill this up bro cuz what if I have to like Drive South get out of La we're going to need both our cars and I'm going to need gas cuz I'm not [Music] stopping guys people around me they still don't seem too worried yet like people are still getting car washes people are still like just chilling so people aren't too worried yet but a lot of the stores and are closed down so I don't know why people are out they have to be going somewhere all right guys we're trying to keep ourselves entertained right now so so we're going to try this drink that B has but we lost the cap so we're trying to it's not going to work this is a b what okay guys we're losing our minds okay this is a Hello Kitty ramun I forgot what it's called let me see I looked it up before Ron raon no that say no it's it's something else cuter raun ramun it's like a ramun Ram let me look it up guys we lost a cap to pop it so I'm trying to use it uh straw we are looking at how to pronounce the name of this I knew it I said it right the whole time what is it ramun I guess R he said something next he said [Music] R we're never going to open it bro let me do if we don't have the cat wait I'm doing it ah no dude it's impossible all right guys we'll be back when we get it open 2,000 years later oh she's saying she almost did it with her finger go again I'm literally doing it with my fing let me try let me try what makes you think this is close oh cuz you feel like cracks or something no what do you feel yourself pushing the ball yes I do bro look at my finger freak it bro we're not drinking guys be just opened it he was like he was like it's over we're never going to do it gold on his phone and I'm like you missed it dude okay cheers M it's good it's kind of good actually it's actually really good she got it open chat five cop cars already just went by guys we're literally watching a police chase right now we're filming a Tik Tok and then a police chase just happens right there bro today can't become more La than it already is bro police chases fires like this shit's crazy let's go back inside we have cookies you guys guys she just remembered we have Christmas cookies we have cookies all right but we're about to watch the Mr Beast show I'm not going to lie not even sponsored this show is insane bro also I'm going to order some food because I'm not going back in my car I might as well just get door Dash and I'm going to give the driver an insane tip because you know if you're really out here delivering food in these times you deserve a Tipo all right guys my Sushi just got here in this fancy ass bag bro I'm super impressed we're going to eat our food Premier is almost here here and while we're eating we're going to decide like what we're going to do tonight we got to figure it out because we're like super surrounded guys it's not looking good so we're going to figure it out all right I'm going to do a taste test for the California roll just cuz feel like it's on theme today California roll on theme with the vid 8 out of 10 8 out of 10 literally as we're trying to figure it out guys our area gets hit with like the red zone so we might as well just dip now even if it's for a night or two like we might as well better be safe than sorry the only thing is take over like we have to bring his water stuff and his food yeah so we're going to finish eating and then go pack up okay right now too doesn't even know that he got to get his bags packed we're about to start evacuating so I'm going to have to put to in here unfortunately he has to come with us we're not leaving him here beta fish solution all right guys we're packing our stuff now we don't know like we don't really know what to grab so we're just going to grab any like valuable things pack our stuff pack enough for like a few days if we have to stay away we don't know how long we have to stay away so we're going to just pack enough and then yeah I think we're going to head out to the desert for the night like Palm Springs Coachella area so could be a Vibe who knows like we'll see B keeps asking me what she should pack all the important stuff look at what she's packing bro they're all brand new like I have face masks brand new Beauty blenders she asked me if she should bring her FL where bro she asked me if she should bring her flowers what she asked me if she should bring her Hello Kitties you got me this one dude would you rather bring a laptop before you bring this freaking oh I'm bringing my laptop okay well there's other important stuff to bring if this Burns I promise I'll get you a new one okay you don't have to worry about this this is like the most replaceable thing in this house right now all of those yeah give it a nice hug guys I don't even know what I'm packing bro I haven't even like got anything this is a you could never get this somewhere else it's a mini backpack with mini school supplies this has a little pen in it that works it also has little Post-it notes stickers I didn't even know those were in there and a little notebook with a little bookmark where could you get this anywhere else a paper clip it's a little paper clip oh my God I'm bringing this all right I'm bringing all my supplements then if we we're bringing silliness I'm bring I'm bringing my protein powder my my creatine I need all of it bro all our stuff is packed guys as you can see we got to make one more trip back to the apartment to get our son Takeo we're not going to leave him behind most people would we're not going to do that so let's take this stuff down go get him and we'll say goodbye to our [Music] apartment all right it's time to put Takeo in his vacation tank [Music] all right chat saying goodbye to our apartment her bear bricks my computer it's okay though just a few days chat we'll be back better than ever got to be safe rather than sorry so we got to go all right guys we're about to leave I put to in this little spot nah premier's definitely going to have to hold him but this is good for now it's like secure it doesn't move it's like the perfect fit so let's go hit the road bro you ready ready yeah all right guys it's time to evacuate La bro oh my God it's time bro we're literally leaving this is crazy guys I'm scared bro we got a long drive to the desert so we'll just Vlog the journey I guess [Music] this guy all creepy I need a phone number uh gated community guys all right guys we got to the it's called a villa so we're staying at a villa bro some romantic um this is a pretty nice getaway actually but we can already tell like this is like a Palm Springs is like a retirement rich like you know you already got your together let's like live in Palm Springs type area so like we're already feeling the little judgment little you know just a little the little Vibe but that's just how it is out here like literally nowhere else would I whisper when I'm filming at night but I just feel like I have to right now we're out of the red zones the fire zone so that's good man we're chilling now so this is where we were before and this is where we are now right out of the red [Music] oh it's so CL it's so nice T here's your home I don't know why I'm whispering guys look at this um fridge these were the Vibes I needed like look at this little Cactus yeah this is this is exactly what B wanted guys she wanted a hot tub and this Vibe and she got it yeah I told him like I'm not going to come here if I don't get a Vibe right right right nice bathroom big ass mirror Big Tub oh my God the to of this what is this this door is to remain locked I'm scared what the I don't know about that one guys I unlocked the door that's not supposed to be I'm scared this door is to remain locked what should I do go in go I'm scared just do it just do it it doesn't open why does it like open up there but not what the it's like a chilling it's like a l i don't know guys that's weird but anyways anyways guys it's been a long day I didn't even know this was going to be a vlog second video in a row I didn't do my intro but it is what it is man we're here in Palm Springs now if you want to see how the rest of the trip goes you know his channel the go to go to premier's Channel watch the rest of the trip see how it goes anyways guys a little sad but a little exciting ending so let's see how it goes bro I appreciate y'all for watching and yeah man we're in Palm Springs let's get it bro peace SM your emotions spping potions cuz I can't AF to lose myself you can't afford to be with nobody else and now you backward smoking your 




[Music] from above we can see that Los Angeles is becoming a more and more dangerous place to live [Music] maps and satellite images show us how housing climate and geography are colliding to devastating effect and though politicians are pushing to fasttrack reconstruction after the fires of January 2025 evidence from past fires suggests we've reached a tipping point people are going to have to come to the recognition that you can't rebuild the way it was we analyzed the latest views from above and overlaid them with the maps that really matter to ask whether the 2025 fires can finally force LA's everexpanding suburbs to pull back from the brink [Music] all fire needs fuel oxygen and heat in early January 2025 LA had all three in abundance take a look at these satellite images of Aladena in Los Angeles County from January the 6th we can see modest singlestory homes on small plots of land surrounded by trees and shrubs and here over in the more affluent Pacific Palisades neighborhood multi-million dollar estates with ocean views again surrounded by greenery by January the 10th both neighborhoods had been reduced to ash take a look at these sidebyside street view images of Sunset Boulevard these colonial style woodframed homes were little more than kindling california has seen too many times before dense housing and dry vegetation don't mix where the two meet is known as a wildland urban interface between 1990 and 2020 45% of new homes in California were built in these transition zones the Eaton and Palisades fires both occurred in places like this no wonder that when fire comes as it always does it is becoming more and more destructive to people and property this study found that of all the structures destroyed by wildfire between 1985 and 2013 more than 80% were in the zone where homes and nature meet we've known for decades now about the emergence of these risks in these high-risisk areas and yet we've done very little to essentially move people out of harm's way [Music] many now see 2025 as a turning point the time to finally reconsider LA's urban sprawl looking back at fires from California's past suggests that when Los Angeles does recover it may look very different take these two fires that occurred over 50 years apart similar location and scale but the outcomes were very different in 1964 the Hanley fire in Soma County scorched nearly 56,000 acres but destroyed only 108 homes no one died aerial images from the time show that apart from vegetation there was very little else to burn fast forward to October 2017 and look at the same landscape thousands of closely packed homes nestled among the trees so when the Tubs fire of October that year ignited the result was very different it claimed 22 lives and destroyed more than 5,600 structures one of the hardest hit neighborhoods was the Coffee Park area in Santa Rosa around 1500 homes were destroyed here in a single day [Music] take another example Paradise California a ridgetop community in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountain range many working-class families moved to this part of California in the 1960s for its affordability ryan Miller's family was one of them my family literally we used to kind of think a little bit about wildfire risk and joke about it but we used to say I mean we don't really have fire risk were not on the edge of town the whole town would have to burn down for our house to be at risk heavenly Father please help us but on November the 8th 2018 a fire tore through Ryan's community destroying his mobile home and more than 80% of the properties in the area [Music] the campfire became one of the deadliest in US history claiming 85 lives and destroying more than 18,000 structures [Music] 7 years later you can still see the empty plots where homes used to be we can see that Paradise is being rebuilt but all these years later less than half of the population has returned will this be the fate of Aladina or Pacific Palisades in LA there's still a really big shortage of especially affordable apartments uh and we haven't really replaced that affordable housing stock so the region's kind of been permanently transformed by just losing 14,000 houses overnight ryan and his family are scattered across different parts of California they couldn't afford to rebuild ryan decided to track down where his neighbors ended up settling and he made this map it shows Paradise residents scattered across almost every state in the US of the displaced people he surveyed over 40% said they had no intention of returning i think for a lot of people too uh there was a sense that that property was associated with that trauma that maybe they didn't want to relive i think it made a lot more sense both financially and also just psychologically to move on from that property the pine trees of paradise used to offer shade and a sense of privacy but much of the woodland has now been removed to reduce the risk of fire this map shows the tree loss over time i want to see Paradise recover i don't necessarily think it should uh look exactly like it did in 2018 again maybe it wasn't the best place to have 26,000 people will this be what the rebuilt suburbs of LA will look like more sparsely populated with less vegetation or like in the case of Coffee Park after the Tubs fire will they simply be rebuilt almost exactly as they were before many say that LA should never have been allowed to expand as much as it did in the first place you could say the blueprint for these flammable suburbs was laid down more than a 100 years ago in the 19th century the government encouraged people to move out west with the promise of cheap land the growth of LA coincided with the advent of the motorc car meaning city suburbs could afford to sprawl far and wide farming and the oil industry boom saw LA's population jump from 170,000 in 1900 to 2.2 million by 1930 homes were built primarily with wood for its ability to withstand small earthquakes but it made them more vulnerable to fire over the decades properties stretched further up among the ridges and ravines north of LA and along the coast most suburbs were designated for single family homes like these homes for all incomes new original architecturally exciting today it is the second most popular city in the United States after New York City but unlike New York LA grew out not up and this is where urban sprawl is meeting climate change head on our infrastructure that we have built in this country is built for a climate of the past a climate that no longer exists this map shows how year- round temperatures have been steadily increasing in LA average temperatures in LA County have risen around 4 F in the past 50 years we see in some parts of the west we now have an additional two more months of fire weather days now compared to the 70s here the heat combined with the winds that funnel through the canyons and valleys contributes to the intensity of fires 19 of the 20 largest fires in California's history have occurred in the past 25 years [Music] research by the University of Colorado Boulder using two decades of NASA satellite data suggests that fires are also spreading faster than ever before if we have strong winds coming in sometimes they're 60 m hour sometimes they're 100 miles hour if there is a fire that has been ignited that wind will spread the fire so quickly across a landscape that's already fireprone this map shows the drought conditions in the LA region in the 6 months leading up to the 2025 fires over the same period LA received just 16 hundredths of an inch of rainfall making it the second driest on record since the late 1800s even before the fires data shows that one in 10 properties in Los Angeles County were at very high risk of fire climate change and associated extreme weather events displaced 2 and a half million Americans in 2023 of the more than 150,000 Angelenos displaced by the January 2025 fires how many will risk returning about 1% of the US population in recent years every year is being displaced by natural hazards some are not related to climate but about a fifth of those people will never return home for those who do choose to stay and rebuild costs will only go up changes to building codes means you can't just replace like for like around 85% of the homes destroyed in the recent LA fires were built before 1980 in 2008 California implemented stricter codes that required new homes to be built with emberresistant roofs and vents as well as external wall insulation a study by the National Bureau of Economic Research shows that homes built after 2008 are 40% less likely to be destroyed by wildfires take a look at this damage map of Altadena every red house symbol is a property that has been at least 50% destroyed by fire and if you look closely every once in a while you'll see one of these so-called miracle homes seemingly untouched while the properties around them turn to dust the result of pure chance modern building specifications or even prompt intervention from fire services there's really no such thing as a fireproof home you can build a home to a higher standard that's fireresistant but there's no such thing as a zerorisk uh building in that regard building back better can be expensive adding basic fire resistant features can cost around $10,000 with more extensive renovations reaching up to around $100,000 demand for builders and materials to reconstruct LA's over 12,000 destroyed structures may also drive up costs rialto.com estimates the cost of rebuilding a home in Aladena at over a quarter of a million and around 1 million in Pacific Palisades wildfires also push up house prices and rent elsewhere as people displaced by buyers compete over fewer homes we've seen this throughout the history of California uh in recent years where in a postfire context people come back uh and they actually double down and build uh at a higher standard of performance in these postfire areas um build bunker-like type buildings that significantly increase the cost and the value of housing and that actually operates as well to drive people out [Music] look at the car oh my gosh in Pacific Palisades after the 2025 fire architect Michael Kovak returned to find his home intact these walls are uh you can see the edge here it's It's uh a few you know maybe a centimeter and a bit thick and it's a super dense uh fiber smmith panel michael had sprinklers fitted inside as well as out when people see those the big uh air tankers dropping the orange fire retardant in wildfires that's what this is so this is a material that's designed to be sprayed onto the landscaping or any surface that you're trying to keep from burning the system worked but defenses like this are expensive and increasingly fire survival is becoming a preserve of the wealthy and I think frankly the insurance side will drive us too like if insurance says we're not going to we're not going to insure your house unless you can demonstrate something like this that that will make it happen building codes in LA have improved in recent years but the city doesn't insist on quite that level of protection and there are signs that as the city looks to rebuild once again it will prioritize recovery and reconstruction over safety the real estate industry is passing on the risk that's part of their business model on the other end we see a kind of willful uh negligence uh a gross negligence sometimes by policy makers to just overlook these underlying risks why because they get the short-term benefits of addressing housing and the housing crisis um and they can pass on the buck or the responsibility for climate risk to somebody else california Governor Gavin Newsome and Mayor Karen Bass issued orders in January 2025 designed to speed up reconstruction california has had a hard time learning its lessons before a study looking at the aftermath of fires between 1970 and 2009 found that almost 60% of buildings destroyed by the flames were replaced within 6 years and there was little evidence that the newer homes would stand any better chance of resisting future fires it seems to be a cycle of build burn and repeat i'm not terribly optimistic those are strong influences politically and they could very well align with the housing and real estate agenda to just rebuild at any cost i think we know exactly what we need to do but it's going to come at a very large economic and political cost it's not clear whether Los Angeles will build homes in at risk areas like this again the very same area that suffered the Franklin Woolsey and Thomas fires and others in between so I think one of the drivers of development out into these dangerous zones has been this kind of old school and I would argue outdated version of the American dream but I think that maybe obsession and the centering of that dream in the way we plan our communities has created a lot of this risk so we've got to reshape where our new housing goes the cost of rebuilding combined with the increased fire risk brings with it another headache insurance for insurance companies the fire risk is proving too great and the numbers no longer add up between 2020 and 2022 firms canled 2.8 million homeowner policies in California over half a million of these cancellations were in Los Angeles County state Farm California's biggest insurance company canceled 72,000 policies less than a year before the latest LA fires refusing to offer renewals what we're seeing since the January 2025 fires is that people with homes that survived but were rendered uninhabitable by smoke damage are not getting payouts the latest LA wildfires are expected to be the costliest in US history with losses exceeding $250 billion according to one estimate we are kind of running out of options and I think people don't really understand um what a huge problem that is because there's always been kind of some safety something to fall back on someone to help you rebuild pay for the cost aladina not for sale aladina experts suggest the result may be climate gentrification big developers need to stay out where only the rich remain what we see in general in the United States in a post- disaster context is really only the wealthiest people are able to return or at least return before everyone else uh and so those who were underinsured or not insured at all or have a lower net wealth to be able to cover um the loss that they've incurred um they struggle uh and they were strug struggle to return over 9,000 structures were destroyed in January's Eaton fire in Aladina black households were disproportionately hit by the fires nearly half of their homes were destroyed or badly damaged compared to 37% of non-black households a UCLA report puts this disparity down to the concentration of black families in western parts of Aladena in part a legacy of historical racial segregation practices this is my block right here this is where I live or where I lived [Music] let's get you a safe exit out of here so you don't get a nail in your foot all of the cat guys survived nothing prepares you for this amount of destruction i mean there's no manual there's no book the community was already at the lower end of the area's income scale studies suggest residents are as a result now less likely to be able to afford to rebuild the fires may well entrench the wealth and racial divides that have always been a feature of LA everything that we know and love is gone not just this house my whole city gone man the whole thing even after a wildfire is controlled the danger isn't over this map shows how January's fires affected LA's air quality there were a lot of buildings that that burned a lot of cars that burned and so it released a lot of toxic contaminants into the air lots of lead arsenic asbestos different um plastics were also burned a lot and so that all goes into the air and it can travel as far as 150 m studies suggest it can take months for the toxic particles in the air to clear but it's the ground that will take far longer to treat clearing up the surface debris can take a matter of weeks but the task of rehabilitating the soil could take years but even after the wildfires we have a lot of ash and toxic debris a lot of that can stay on the land for a long time until it rains and when it rains it gets really concerning because then all that toxic debris goes into our waterways and into our oceans take a look at Lahina in Hawaii satellite images show that over a year and a half after the fires of August 2023 almost nothing has returned authorities here needed to remove 400,000 tons of fire debris according to a recent survey one in five firea affected households is considering leaving Maui a recent poll shows that the majority of Los Angeles County residents don't plan on leaving california is at a crossroads the question remains who will be able to stay and at what price if businesses impacted by the fires also leave town that will further hamper LA's recovery there are fears that the movie industry still recovering from COVID 19 lockdowns and the writers and actors strike will also suffer this is definitely a very rough time for Los Angeles and of course for the film 


Satellite Images Show How Fires Are Changing LA For Good | View From Above | Business Insider
https://youtu.be/WJhqu5_HzBU
Jun 14
from above we can see that Los Angeles is becoming a more and more dangerous place to live [Music] maps and satellite images show us how housing climate and geography are colliding to devastating effect and though politicians are pushing to fasttrack reconstruction after the fires of January 2025 evidence from past fires suggests we've reached a tipping point people are going to have to come to the recognition that you can't rebuild the way it was we analyzed the latest views from above and overlaid them with the maps that really matter to ask whether the 2025 fires can finally force LA's everexpanding suburbs to pull back from the brink [Music] all fire needs fuel oxygen and heat in early January 2025 LA had all three in abundance take a look at these satellite images of Aladena in Los Angeles County from January the 6th we can see modest singlestory homes on small plots of land surrounded by trees and shrubs and here over in the more affluent Pacific Palisades neighborhood multi-million dollar estates with ocean views again surrounded by greenery by January the 10th both neighborhoods had been reduced to ash take a look at these sidebyside street view images of Sunset Boulevard these colonial style woodframed homes were little more than kindling california has seen too many times before dense housing and dry vegetation don't mix where the two meet is known as a wildland urban interface between 1990 and 2020 45% of new homes in California were built in these transition zones the Eaton and Palisades fires both occurred in places like this no wonder that when fire comes as it always does it is becoming more and more destructive to people and property this study found that of all the structures destroyed by wildfire between 1985 and 2013 more than 80% were in the zone where homes and nature meet we've known for decades now about the emergence of these risks in these high-risisk areas and yet we've done very little to essentially move people out of harm's way [Music] many now see 2025 as a turning point the time to finally reconsider LA's urban sprawl looking back at fires from California's past suggests that when Los Angeles does recover it may look very different take these two fires that occurred over 50 years apart similar location and scale but the outcomes were very different in 1964 the Hanley fire in Soma County scorched nearly 56,000 acres but destroyed only 108 homes no one died aerial images from the time show that apart from vegetation there was very little else to burn fast forward to October 2017 and look at the same landscape thousands of closely packed homes nestled among the trees so when the Tubs fire of October that year ignited the result was very different it claimed 22 lives and destroyed more than 5,600 structures one of the hardest hit neighborhoods was the Coffee Park area in Santa Rosa around 1500 homes were destroyed here in a single day [Music] take another example Paradise California a ridgetop community in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountain range many working-class families moved to this part of California in the 1960s for its affordability ryan Miller's family was one of them my family literally we used to kind of think a little bit about wildfire risk and joke about it but we used to say I mean we don't really have fire risk were not on the edge of town the whole town would have to burn down for our house to be at risk heavenly Father please help us but on November the 8th 2018 a fire tore through Ryan's community destroying his mobile home and more than 80% of the properties in the area [Music] the campfire became one of the deadliest in US history claiming 85 lives and destroying more than 18,000 structures [Music] 7 years later you can still see the empty plots where homes used to be we can see that Paradise is being rebuilt but all these years later less than half of the population has returned will this be the fate of Aladina or Pacific Palisades in LA there's still a really big shortage of especially affordable apartments uh and we haven't really replaced that affordable housing stock so the region's kind of been permanently transformed by just losing 14,000 houses overnight ryan and his family are scattered across different parts of California they couldn't afford to rebuild ryan decided to track down where his neighbors ended up settling and he made this map it shows Paradise residents scattered across almost every state in the US of the displaced people he surveyed over 40% said they had no intention of returning i think for a lot of people too uh there was a sense that that property was associated with that trauma that maybe they didn't want to relive i think it made a lot more sense both financially and also just psychologically to move on from that property the pine trees of paradise used to offer shade and a sense of privacy but much of the woodland has now been removed to reduce the risk of fire this map shows the tree loss over time i want to see Paradise recover i don't necessarily think it should uh look exactly like it did in 2018 again maybe it wasn't the best place to have 26,000 people will this be what the rebuilt suburbs of LA will look like more sparsely populated with less vegetation or like in the case of Coffee Park after the Tubs fire will they simply be rebuilt almost exactly as they were before many say that LA should never have been allowed to expand as much as it did in the first place you could say the blueprint for these flammable suburbs was laid down more than a 100 years ago in the 19th century the government encouraged people to move out west with the promise of cheap land the growth of LA coincided with the advent of the motorc car meaning city suburbs could afford to sprawl far and wide farming and the oil industry boom saw LA's population jump from 170,000 in 1900 to 2.2 million by 1930 homes were built primarily with wood for its ability to withstand small earthquakes but it made them more vulnerable to fire over the decades properties stretched further up among the ridges and ravines north of LA and along the coast most suburbs were designated for single family homes like these homes for all incomes new original architecturally exciting today it is the second most popular city in the United States after New York City but unlike New York LA grew out not up and this is where urban sprawl is meeting climate change head on our infrastructure that we have built in this country is built for a climate of the past a climate that no longer exists this map shows how year- round temperatures have been steadily increasing in LA average temperatures in LA County have risen around 4 F in the past 50 years we see in some parts of the west we now have an additional two more months of fire weather days now compared to the 70s here the heat combined with the winds that funnel through the canyons and valleys contributes to the intensity of fires 19 of the 20 largest fires in California's history have occurred in the past 25 years [Music] research by the University of Colorado Boulder using two decades of NASA satellite data suggests that fires are also spreading faster than ever before if we have strong winds coming in sometimes they're 60 m hour sometimes they're 100 miles hour if there is a fire that has been ignited that wind will spread the fire so quickly across a landscape that's already fireprone this map shows the drought conditions in the LA region in the 6 months leading up to the 2025 fires over the same period LA received just 16 hundredths of an inch of rainfall making it the second driest on record since the late 1800s even before the fires data shows that one in 10 properties in Los Angeles County were at very high risk of fire climate change and associated extreme weather events displaced 2 and a half million Americans in 2023 of the more than 150,000 Angelenos displaced by the January 2025 fires how many will risk returning about 1% of the US population in recent years every year is being displaced by natural hazards some are not related to climate but about a fifth of those people will never return home for those who do choose to stay and rebuild costs will only go up changes to building codes means you can't just replace like for like around 85% of the homes destroyed in the recent LA fires were built before 1980 in 2008 California implemented stricter codes that required new homes to be built with emberresistant roofs and vents as well as external wall insulation a study by the National Bureau of Economic Research shows that homes built after 2008 are 40% less likely to be destroyed by wildfires take a look at this damage map of Altadena every red house symbol is a property that has been at least 50% destroyed by fire and if you look closely every once in a while you'll see one of these so-called miracle homes seemingly untouched while the properties around them turn to dust the result of pure chance modern building specifications or even prompt intervention from fire services there's really no such thing as a fireproof home you can build a home to a higher standard that's fireresistant but there's no such thing as a zerorisk uh building in that regard building back better can be expensive adding basic fire resistant features can cost around $10,000 with more extensive renovations reaching up to around $100,000 demand for builders and materials to reconstruct LA's over 12,000 destroyed structures may also drive up costs rialto.com estimates the cost of rebuilding a home in Aladena at over a quarter of a million and around 1 million in Pacific Palisades wildfires also push up house prices and rent elsewhere as people displaced by buyers compete over fewer homes we've seen this throughout the history of California uh in recent years where in a postfire context people come back uh and they actually double down and build uh at a higher standard of performance in these postfire areas um build bunker-like type buildings that significantly increase the cost and the value of housing and that actually operates as well to drive people out [Music] look at the car oh my gosh in Pacific Palisades after the 2025 fire architect Michael Kovak returned to find his home intact these walls are uh you can see the edge here it's It's uh a few you know maybe a centimeter and a bit thick and it's a super dense uh fiber smmith panel michael had sprinklers fitted inside as well as out when people see those the big uh air tankers dropping the orange fire retardant in wildfires that's what this is so this is a material that's designed to be sprayed onto the landscaping or any surface that you're trying to keep from burning the system worked but defenses like this are expensive and increasingly fire survival is becoming a preserve of the wealthy and I think frankly the insurance side will drive us too like if insurance says we're not going to we're not going to insure your house unless you can demonstrate something like this that that will make it happen building codes in LA have improved in recent years but the city doesn't insist on quite that level of protection and there are signs that as the city looks to rebuild once again it will prioritize recovery and reconstruction over safety the real estate industry is passing on the risk that's part of their business model on the other end we see a kind of willful uh negligence uh a gross negligence sometimes by policy makers to just overlook these underlying risks why because they get the short-term benefits of addressing housing and the housing crisis um and they can pass on the buck or the responsibility for climate risk to somebody else california Governor Gavin Newsome and Mayor Karen Bass issued orders in January 2025 designed to speed up reconstruction california has had a hard time learning its lessons before a study looking at the aftermath of fires between 1970 and 2009 found that almost 60% of buildings destroyed by the flames were replaced within 6 years and there was little evidence that the newer homes would stand any better chance of resisting future fires it seems to be a cycle of build burn and repeat i'm not terribly optimistic those are strong influences politically and they could very well align with the housing and real estate agenda to just rebuild at any cost i think we know exactly what we need to do but it's going to come at a very large economic and political cost it's not clear whether Los Angeles will build homes in at risk areas like this again the very same area that suffered the Franklin Woolsey and Thomas fires and others in between so I think one of the drivers of development out into these dangerous zones has been this kind of old school and I would argue outdated version of the American dream but I think that maybe obsession and the centering of that dream in the way we plan our communities has created a lot of this risk so we've got to reshape where our new housing goes the cost of rebuilding combined with the increased fire risk brings with it another headache insurance for insurance companies the fire risk is proving too great and the numbers no longer add up between 2020 and 2022 firms canled 2.8 million homeowner policies in California over half a million of these cancellations were in Los Angeles County state Farm California's biggest insurance company canceled 72,000 policies less than a year before the latest LA fires refusing to offer renewals what we're seeing since the January 2025 fires is that people with homes that survived but were rendered uninhabitable by smoke damage are not getting payouts the latest LA wildfires are expected to be the costliest in US history with losses exceeding $250 billion according to one estimate we are kind of running out of options and I think people don't really understand um what a huge problem that is because there's always been kind of some safety something to fall back on someone to help you rebuild pay for the cost aladina not for sale aladina experts suggest the result may be climate gentrification big developers need to stay out where only the rich remain what we see in general in the United States in a post- disaster context is really only the wealthiest people are able to return or at least return before everyone else uh and so those who were underinsured or not insured at all or have a lower net wealth to be able to cover um the loss that they've incurred um they struggle uh and they were strug struggle to return over 9,000 structures were destroyed in January's Eaton fire in Aladina black households were disproportionately hit by the fires nearly half of their homes were destroyed or badly damaged compared to 37% of non-black households a UCLA report puts this disparity down to the concentration of black families in western parts of Aladena in part a legacy of historical racial segregation practices this is my block right here this is where I live or where I lived [Music] let's get you a safe exit out of here so you don't get a nail in your foot all of the cat guys survived nothing prepares you for this amount of destruction i mean there's no manual there's no book the community was already at the lower end of the area's income scale studies suggest residents are as a result now less likely to be able to afford to rebuild the fires may well entrench the wealth and racial divides that have always been a feature of LA everything that we know and love is gone not just this house my whole city gone man the whole thing even after a wildfire is controlled the danger isn't over this map shows how January's fires affected LA's air quality there were a lot of buildings that that burned a lot of cars that burned and so it released a lot of toxic contaminants into the air lots of lead arsenic asbestos different um plastics were also burned a lot and so that all goes into the air and it can travel as far as 150 m studies suggest it can take months for the toxic particles in the air to clear but it's the ground that will take far longer to treat clearing up the surface debris can take a matter of weeks but the task of rehabilitating the soil could take years but even after the wildfires we have a lot of ash and toxic debris a lot of that can stay on the land for a long time until it rains and when it rains it gets really concerning because then all that toxic debris goes into our waterways and into our oceans take a look at Lahina in Hawaii satellite images show that over a year and a half after the fires of August 2023 almost nothing has returned authorities here needed to remove 400,000 tons of fire debris according to a recent survey one in five firea affected households is considering leaving Maui a recent poll shows that the majority of Los Angeles County residents don't plan on leaving california is at a crossroads the question remains who will be able to stay and at what price if businesses impacted by the fires also leave town that will further hamper LA's recovery there are fears that the movie industry still recovering from COVID 19 lockdowns and the writers and actors strike will also suffer this is definitely a very rough time for Los Angeles and of course for the film industry is definitely going to change the face of the population and the industry of Los Angeles there's only so much you can take and everybody has a breaking point everybody has a time when they have to be very honest with themselves and say "Can I keep doing this or do I need to do something else?" There's also the psychological impact of fleeing a fire of losing a home and a whole community the trauma for some will prove too much i feel broken i feel lost i feel devastated i don't want to have to tell my boys that this is their home and it's gone.



1


